424H
Filed pursuant to Rule 424(h)
Registration Statement No. 333-275606
Information contained herein is subject to
completion or amendment. A registration statement relating to these securities has been filed and declared effective with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These securities may not be sold without delivery of a final prospectus. This
prospectus shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification
under the securities laws of any such state.
SUBJECT TO COMPLETION — DATED APRIL 3, 2026
$1,269,810,000 Automobile Receivables Backed Notes
GM Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables Trust
2026-2
Issuing Entity (CIK No. 0002116462)
AFS SenSub Corp.
Depositor (CIK No. 0001347185)
Sponsor and Servicer (CIK No. 0001002761)
Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or
determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.
Prospectus dated April __, 2026.
This document is not an offer to sell these securities, and it is not soliciting an offer to
buy these securities, in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted.
We do not claim the accuracy of the information in this prospectus as of any date other than the date stated on the cover of this prospectus.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
[TOC_TABLE:9]
[TOC_TABLE:10]
Until ninety
(90) days after the date of this prospectus, all dealers that buy, sell or trade the notes may be required to deliver a prospectus, regardless of whether they are participating in the offer. This is in addition to the obligation of dealers to
deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters and with respect to their unsold allotments or subscriptions.
Important Notice about the Information Presented in this Prospectus
[TOC_TABLE:12]
Where You Can Find More Information
The depositor, AFS SenSub Corp., as registrant, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the
“
Commission
”, or the “
SEC
”, under the Commission file number
333-275606,
a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the
“
Securities Act
”, with respect to the notes offered pursuant to this prospectus. This prospectus, which forms a part of the registration statement, omits certain information contained in such registration statement pursuant
to the rules and regulations of the Commission.
As long as the issuing entity is required to report under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the “
Exchange Act
”, the issuing entity will file, or the servicer or the depositor will file for the issuing entity, annual reports on Form
10-K
and distribution reports on Form
10-D,
monthly
asset-level
data files and related documents on Form
ABS-EE,
any current reports
on Form
8-K,
and amendments to those reports with the Commission under the file number
333-275606-09.
A copy of any reports may
be obtained by any noteholder by request to the servicer.
The depositor engaged a third party to assist in certain
components of the review of the automobile loan contracts that is described under “
Depositor Review of Automobile Loan Contracts
.” The report produced by that third party is a “third-party due diligence report”
pursuant to Rule
15Ga-2
of the Exchange Act, and the findings and conclusions of that report were therefore filed with the Commission on Form
ABS-15G
on April 1,
2026 under file number
333-275606.
A number of items are incorporated by
reference into this prospectus. See “
Incorporation by Reference
” for a description of incorporation by reference.
The Commission maintains a website containing reports, proxy materials, information statements and other information regarding
issuers that file electronically with the Commission. The address is http://www.sec.gov.
You may request a free copy of
any of the filings incorporated by reference into this prospectus by writing or calling: GM Financial, 801 Cherry Street, Suite 3500, Fort Worth, Texas 76102; telephone (817)
302-7000.
You may obtain more
information about GM Financial at https://www.gmfinancial.com. The information about GM Financial’s website in the immediately preceding sentence and its content is not incorporated by reference into this prospectus.
1
Notice to Investors: United Kingdom
PROHIBITION ON SALES TO U.K. RETAIL INVESTORS
THE NOTES ARE NOT INTENDED TO BE OFFERED, SOLD, DISTRIBUTED OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO, AND SHOULD NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD,
DISTRIBUTED OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO, ANY U.K. RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE UNITED KINGDOM (“
U.K.
”). FOR THESE PURPOSES, THE EXPRESSION “
U.K. RETAIL INVESTOR
” MEANS A PERSON WHO IS ONE OR BOTH OF
THE FOLLOWING: (I) NOT A PROFESSIONAL CLIENT, AS DEFINED IN POINT (8) OF ARTICLE 2(1) OF REGULATION (EU) NO 600/2014, AS IT FORMS PART OF U.K. DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 (AS AMENDED, THE
“
EUWA
”) AND AS AMENDED; OR (II) NOT A QUALIFIED INVESTOR (“
U.K. QUALIFIED INVESTOR
”), AS DEFINED IN PARAGRAPH 15 OF SCHEDULE 1 TO THE PUBLIC OFFERS AND ADMISSIONS TO TRADING REGULATIONS 2024
(AS AMENDED, THE “
POATR
”
)
.
CONSEQUENTLY, NO DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT REQUIRED BY THE PRODUCT
DISCLOSURE SOURCEBOOK (AS AMENDED, “
DISC
”) OF THE HANDBOOK OF RULES AND GUIDANCE ADOPTED BY THE U.K.’S FINANCIAL CONDUCT AUTHORITY (AS AMENDED, THE “
FCA HANDBOOK
”) FOR OFFERING, SELLING OR
DISTRIBUTING THE NOTES, OR OTHERWISE MAKING THEM AVAILABLE, TO U.K. RETAIL INVESTORS IN THE U.K. HAS BEEN PREPARED; AND THEREFORE OFFERING, SELLING OR DISTRIBUTING THE NOTES, OR OTHERWISE MAKING THEM AVAILABLE, TO ANY U.K. RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE
U.K. MAY BE UNLAWFUL UNDER DISC AND THE CONSUMER COMPOSITE INVESTMENTS (DESIGNATED ACTIVITIES) REGULATIONS 2024 (AS AMENDED).
OTHER U.K. OFFERING RESTRICTIONS
THIS PROSPECTUS IS NOT A PROSPECTUS FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE POATR OR THE PROSPECTUS RULES: ADMISSION TO TRADING ON A REGULATED
MARKET SOURCEBOOK OF THE FCA HANDBOOK. THIS PROSPECTUS HAS BEEN PREPARED ON THE BASIS THAT ANY OFFER OF NOTES IN THE U.K. WILL BE MADE ONLY TO U.K. QUALIFIED INVESTORS. ACCORDINGLY, ANY PERSON MAKING OR INTENDING TO MAKE AN OFFER IN THE U.K. OF THE
NOTES WHICH ARE THE SUBJECT OF THE OFFERING CONTEMPLATED IN THIS PROSPECTUS MAY ONLY DO SO WITH RESPECT TO U.K. QUALIFIED INVESTORS. NONE OF THE ISSUING ENTITY, THE DEPOSITOR OR ANY OF THE UNDERWRITERS HAVE AUTHORIZED, NOR DO THEY AUTHORIZE, THE
MAKING OF ANY OFFER OF NOTES IN THE U.K. OTHER THAN TO U.K. QUALIFIED INVESTORS.
OTHER U.K. REGULATORY RESTRICTIONS
WITHIN THE U.K., THIS PROSPECTUS MAY ONLY BE COMMUNICATED OR CAUSED TO BE COMMUNICATED TO PERSONS (I) WHO HAVE
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE IN MATTERS RELATING TO INVESTMENTS AND WHO QUALIFY AS INVESTMENT PROFESSIONALS IN ACCORDANCE WITH ARTICLE 19(5) OF THE FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 (FINANCIAL PROMOTION) ORDER 2005 AS AMENDED (THE
“
FPO
”), (II) WHO FALL WITHIN ARTICLE 49(2)(A)-(D) OF THE FPO, OR (III) WHO ARE PERSONS TO WHOM THIS PROSPECTUS MAY OTHERWISE LAWFULLY BE COMMUNICATED OR CAUSED TO BE COMMUNICATED (TOGETHER, “
RELEVANT
PERSONS
”). IN THE U.K., THIS PROSPECTUS MUST NOT BE ACTED ON OR RELIED ON BY PERSONS WHO ARE NOT RELEVANT PERSONS. IN THE U.K., ANY INVESTMENT OR INVESTMENT ACTIVITY TO WHICH THIS PROSPECTUS RELATES, INCLUDING THE NOTES, IS AVAILABLE
ONLY TO RELEVANT PERSONS AND WILL BE ENGAGED IN ONLY WITH RELEVANT PERSONS. THE COMMUNICATION OF THIS PROSPECTUS TO ANY PERSON IN THE U.K. OTHER THAN A RELEVANT PERSON IS
2
UNAUTHORIZED AND MAY CONTRAVENE THE FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000, AS AMENDED (THE “
FSMA
”).
POTENTIAL INVESTORS IN THE U.K. ARE ADVISED THAT ALL, OR MOST, OF THE PROTECTIONS AFFORDED BY THE U.K. REGULATORY SYSTEM WILL
NOT APPLY TO AN INVESTMENT IN THE NOTES AND THAT COMPENSATION WILL NOT BE AVAILABLE UNDER THE U.K. FINANCIAL SERVICES COMPENSATION SCHEME.
Notice to Investors: European Economic Area
PROHIBITION ON SALES TO E.U. RETAIL INVESTORS
THE NOTES ARE NOT INTENDED TO BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO, AND SHOULD NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE
MADE AVAILABLE TO, ANY E.U. RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (THE “
EEA
”). FOR THESE PURPOSES, THE EXPRESSION “
E.U. RETAIL INVESTOR
” MEANS A PERSON WHO IS ONE (OR MORE) OF THE
FOLLOWING: (1) A RETAIL CLIENT, AS DEFINED IN POINT (11) OF ARTICLE 4(1) OF DIRECTIVE 2014/65/EU (AS AMENDED, “
MIFID II
”); (2) A CUSTOMER WITHIN THE MEANING OF DIRECTIVE (EU) 2016/97 (AS AMENDED), WHERE THAT
CUSTOMER WOULD NOT QUALIFY AS A PROFESSIONAL CLIENT, AS DEFINED IN POINT (10) OF ARTICLE 4(1) OF MIFID II; OR (3) NOT A QUALIFIED INVESTOR (“
E.U. QUALIFIED INVESTOR
”), AS DEFINED IN ARTICLE 2 OF REGULATION (EU)
2017/1129 (AS AMENDED, THE “
E.U. PROSPECTUS REGULATION
”).
CONSEQUENTLY NO KEY INFORMATION
DOCUMENT REQUIRED BY REGULATION (EU) NO 1286/2014 (AS AMENDED, THE “
E.U. PRIIPS REGULATION
”) FOR OFFERING OR SELLING THE NOTES OR OTHERWISE MAKING THEM AVAILABLE TO E.U. RETAIL INVESTORS IN THE EEA HAS BEEN PREPARED; AND
THEREFORE OFFERING OR SELLING THE NOTES OR OTHERWISE MAKING THEM AVAILABLE TO ANY E.U. RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE EEA MAY BE UNLAWFUL UNDER THE E.U. PRIIPS REGULATION.
OTHER EEA OFFERING RESTRICTIONS
THIS PROSPECTUS IS NOT A PROSPECTUS FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE E.U. PROSPECTUS REGULATION. THIS PROSPECTUS HAS BEEN PREPARED ON
THE BASIS THAT ANY OFFER OF NOTES IN THE EEA WILL BE MADE ONLY TO E.U. QUALIFIED INVESTORS. ACCORDINGLY, ANY PERSON MAKING OR INTENDING TO MAKE AN OFFER IN THE EEA OF NOTES WHICH ARE THE SUBJECT OF THE OFFERING CONTEMPLATED IN THIS PROSPECTUS MAY
ONLY DO SO WITH RESPECT TO E.U. QUALIFIED INVESTORS. NEITHER THE ISSUING ENTITY, NOR THE DEPOSITOR, NOR ANY OF THE UNDERWRITERS HAVE AUTHORIZED, NOR DO THEY AUTHORIZE, THE MAKING OF ANY OFFER OF NOTES IN THE EEA OTHER THAN TO E.U. QUALIFIED
INVESTORS.
Forward-Looking Statements
Any projections, expectations and estimates in this prospectus are not historical in nature but are forward-looking statements
based on information and assumptions the sponsor and the depositor consider reasonable. Forward-looking statements are about circumstances and events that have not yet taken place, so they are uncertain and may vary materially from actual events.
Neither the sponsor nor the depositor is obligated to update or revise any forward-looking statements, including changes in economic conditions, portfolio or asset pool performance or other circumstances or developments, after the date of this
prospectus.
3
Summary of Risk Factors
The following is only a limited summary of the risks related to this transaction. You should carefully read and consider the risk factors set
forth under “
Risk Factors
,” as well as all other information contained in this prospectus.
[TABLE:18]
4
5
Summary of Transaction Parties
(1)
6
Flow of Funds
(1)
7
Summary of Prospectus
[TABLE:32]
The Issuing Entity
GM Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables Trust
2026-2,
or the
“
issuing
entity
”, is a Delaware statutory trust. The issuing entity will issue the notes and be liable for their payment. The issuing entity’s principal asset will be a pool of automobile loan contracts secured by new and used
automobiles, light duty trucks and utility vehicles.
The Depositor
AFS SenSub Corp., or the
“
depositor
”,
is a Nevada corporation which is a
wholly-owned
special-purpose
subsidiary of GM Financial. The depositor will sell the pool of automobile loan contracts to the issuing entity.
The Sponsor and the Servicer
AmeriCredit Financial
Services, Inc. d/b/a GM Financial, or another GM Financial Brand, “
GM Financial
”, or
the
“
sponsor
”,
or the
“
servicer
”
,
is a Delaware corporation. GM Financial services under the “GM Financial” brand and may service under other GM affiliate brand names. GM Financial’s principal offices are located
at 801 Cherry Street, Suite 3500, Fort Worth, Texas 76102 and its telephone number is (817)
302-7000.
The sponsor
either purchased the automobile loan contracts without recourse from automobile dealers or directly originated the automobile loan contracts with consumers. The sponsor will sell the automobile loan contracts to the depositor and, in its capacity as
servicer, will
service the automobile loan contracts on behalf of the issuing entity.
The Trustee and Trust
Collateral Agent
The Bank of New York Mellon, or
the
“
trustee
”,
or the
“
trust collateral agent
” is a New York banking corporation. The trustee will serve as trustee and trust collateral agent pursuant to the indenture and as trust collateral agent pursuant to the sale and servicing
agreement.
The Owner Trustee
Wilmington Trust
Company, or
the
“
owner trustee
”, is a Delaware trust company. Wilmington Trust Company will serve as owner trustee not in its individual capacity but solely as owner trustee of the issuing entity,
pursuant to the trust agreement.
The Asset Representations Reviewer
Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC, or the
“
asset representations reviewer
”, is a Delaware limited liability company.
Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC will serve as asset representations reviewer pursuant to the asset representations review agreement.
Cutoff Date
March 9, 2026. The issuing entity will receive amounts collected on the automobile loan contracts after this date.
Closing Date
On or about April 15, 2026.
8
Description of the Securities
The issuing entity will issue the asset-backed notes pursuant to the indenture. The notes are designated as the “
Class A
-1
Notes
”, the “
Class A
-2-A
Notes
”, the “
Class
A-2-B
Notes
”, the “
Class
A-3
Notes
”, the
“
Class
A-4
Notes
”, the “
Class B Notes
” and the “
Class C Notes
”. The
Class A-2-B
Notes are sometimes referred to as the “
Floating Rate Notes
.” The
Class A-2-A
Notes and the
Class A-2-B
Notes, collectively, are sometimes referred to as the “
Class
A-2
Notes
” and constitute a single class having equal rights to payments of principal and interest, which will be made on a pro rata basis based on the outstanding principal amounts of the
Class A-2-A
Notes and
Class A-2-B
Notes, respectively. The
Class A-1
Notes, the
Class A-2
Notes, the
Class A-3
Notes, and the
Class A-4
Notes are the “
Class A Notes
”. A residual certificate representing the residual interest in the issuing entity will also be issued pursuant to the trust agreement, but
the residual certificate will initially be retained by the depositor or an affiliate and is not being offered pursuant to this prospectus.
The
Class A Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes are being offered by this prospectus and are sometimes referred to as the “
publicly offered notes,
” the
“
notes
”
or the “
offered notes
”.
All or a portion of one or more of the other classes of notes may be retained by the depositor or its
affiliates. For more information, see “
Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Characteristics of the Notes—Retention of any of the notes by the depositor or an affiliate of the depositor could adversely affect the market value of
your notes and/or limit your ability to resell your notes.
”
Each class of notes will have the initial principal amount, interest rate and final
scheduled distribution date listed in the following table:
Publicly Offered Notes
(1)
The allocation of the aggregate initial principal amount of the
Class A-2
Notes between the
Class A-2-A
Notes and the
Class A-2-B
Notes will be determined on or before the date of pricing. The issuing entity expects that the initial principal amount of the
Class A-2-B
Notes will not exceed $356,550,000.
(2)
The
Class A-2-B
Notes will accrue interest at a floating rate initially based on
30-day
average SOFR. For more information on how
30-day
average SOFR is determined, see
“
Description of the Notes—Determination of SOFR
.”
(3)
If the sum of
30-day
average SOFR +__% is less than 0.00% for any interest period, then the interest rate for the
Class A-2-B
Notes for such
interest period will be deemed to be 0.00%.
Interest on each class of notes will accrue during each interest period at the applicable interest rate.
With respect to the Floating Rate Notes, interest will accrue at a floating rate initially based on
30-day
average
SOFR, as described further under “
Description of the Notes—Determination of SOFR
.”
The SOFR determination date for each interest
period will be the second SOFR business day prior to the date on which such interest period begins. For more information regarding the calculation of
30-day
average SOFR see “
Description of the
Notes—Determination of SOFR.
”
9
The publicly offered notes will initially be issued in book-entry form only and will be issued in minimum
denominations of $1,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 (except for one note of each class which may be issued in a denomination other than an integral multiple of $1,000).
The notes will not be listed on any securities exchange.
You
may hold your publicly offered notes through The Depository Trust Company in the United States or through Clearstream Banking, société anonyme in Europe.
The notes will be secured solely by the pool of automobile loan contracts and the other assets of the issuing entity which are described under
“—
The Trust Property
.”
Distribution Dates
[TABLE:34]
If any distribution date is not a business day, then the distribution due
on that date will be made on the next business day.
The record date for each distribution date is the close of business on the
business day immediately preceding that distribution date. The record date is the date as of which the trust collateral agent will fix the identity of noteholders. Noteholders whose identities are fixed on a record date will receive payments on the
related distribution date.
The collection period for each distribution date is the calendar month
immediately preceding the calendar month in which that distribution date
occurs or, for the first distribution date, the period after the cutoff date through and including April 30, 2026. Amounts received on the trust property during each collection period will
be used to make the payments described below under “—
Payments
” on the related distribution date.
Payments
As further described under the section of this prospectus entitled “
Description of the Transaction Documents
—
Distributions
—
Distribution Date Payments
,” the servicer will instruct the trust collateral agent to make distributions from available funds on each distribution date in the following order of priority (except in those circumstances when
the priority of payments set forth under “—
Events of Default
” is applicable):
10
Sale of Automobile Loan Contracts
In certain
circumstances the servicer may direct the issuing entity to sell automobile loan contracts that are more than 60 days delinquent to a third party that is unaffiliated with the servicer, the sponsor, the depositor or the issuing entity. Delinquent
automobile loan contracts may be sold only if the sale proceeds received are at least equal to certain minimum sale proceeds set forth in the sale and servicing agreement. Furthermore, in no event may more than 20% of the initial number of
automobile loan contracts in the pool be sold by the issuing entity in this manner.
Interest
Interest on the notes will be payable on each distribution date. The interest period relating to each distribution date will be the period from and including
the immediately preceding distribution date—or, in the case of the first distribution date, from and including the closing
11
date—to but excluding the related distribution date. Interest on the notes of each class will accrue at the interest rate for that class during each interest period. Interest payable on the
Class A Notes will be paid
pari passu
to the holders of the
Class A-1
Notes, the
Class A-2-A
Notes, the
Class A-2-B
Notes, the
Class A-3
Notes and the
Class A-4
Notes.
Interest on the
Class A-1
Notes and the
Class A-2-B
Notes will be calculated on an “actual/360” basis. Interest on the other classes of notes will be calculated on a “30/360”
basis.
Principal
The classes of notes are
“sequential pay” classes. On each distribution date, all amounts allocated to the payment of principal as described in clauses 4, 6, 8 and 10 of “—
Payments
” above will be aggregated and will be paid out in the
following order of priority (except in those circumstances when the priority of payments set forth below in “—
Events of Default
” is applicable):
[TABLE:52]
[TABLE:53]
[TABLE:54]
[TABLE:55]
[TABLE:56]
[TABLE:57]
Because the notes are “sequential pay,” if, due to losses, insufficient liquidation proceeds or otherwise, the trust property proves to be
inadequate to repay the principal on all of the notes in full, it is possible that certain earlier maturing classes of notes will be paid in full and that the losses will be fully borne by the later maturing classes of notes. In that case, losses
would be borne in reverse
order of payment priority (i.e. beginning with the most junior class then outstanding).
The
outstanding principal amount of any class of notes, if not previously paid, will be payable on the final scheduled distribution date for that class of notes.
The Trust Property
The issuing entity’s assets
will principally include:
The Automobile Loan Contract Pool
12
Servicing Fee
The servicer will be paid on each distribution date from available funds prior to any payments on the notes. The servicer will receive the following fees as
payment for its services on each distribution date:
[TABLE:74]
Pool Information
[TABLE:77]
13
Credit Enhancement
Credit enhancement for the notes will
consist of excess cashflow, overcollateralization, the yield supplement overcollateralization amount, subordination and a reserve account.
If available
funds together with amounts available under any credit enhancement are insufficient to make required payments of principal on the notes, it is possible that certain earlier maturing classes of Class A Notes will be paid in full and that the
losses will be fully borne in reverse order of payment priority (i.e. starting with the most junior class of notes then outstanding) and losses may be incurred by the later maturing classes of Class A Notes. In addition, the Class B Notes
and the Class C Notes will only receive principal payments after each class of notes senior to that class of notes has been paid in full, exposing those noteholders to losses.
Excess Cashflow
It is anticipated that in certain instances more interest will be paid by the obligors on the automobile loan contracts each month than the amount that is
necessary to pay both the interest earned on the notes each month and all of the issuing entity’s monthly fees and expenses, resulting in excess cashflow. Any excess cashflow that is generated in a particular month will be available to build
and/or maintain the reserve account at its required level and to make additional principal payments on the notes to maintain a target amount of overcollateralization. See “
Description of the Transaction Documents—Credit
Enhancement—Application of Excess Cashflow
” in this prospectus for more information regarding the application of excess cashflow.
Overcollateralization
Overcollateralization refers to
the amount by which the adjusted pool balance exceeds the aggregate principal amount of the notes. The adjusted pool balance with respect to a distribution date is equal to the pool balance as of the end of the related collection period or, in the
case of the first distribution date, as of the cutoff date, minus the yield supplement overcollateralization amount with respect to that distribution date or, in the case of the first distribution date, with respect to the cutoff date. On the
closing date, the initial amount of overcollateralization will be approximately 2.75% of the adjusted pool balance of the automobile loan contracts as of the cutoff date.
On each distribution date, any excess cashflow that is not used to fund the reserve account to its required level will be available to be paid to the
noteholders to reduce the principal amount of the notes in order to maintain the target amount of overcollateralization.
The target amount of
overcollateralization on any distribution date will equal 2.75% of the adjusted pool balance of the automobile loan contracts as of the cutoff date. See “
Description of the Transaction Documents
—
Credit
Enhancement
—
Overcollateralization
” for more information regarding overcollateralization.
14
Yield Supplement Overcollateralization Amount
The yield supplement overcollateralization amount is the aggregate amount by which the principal balance as of the last day of the related collection period
or the cutoff date, as applicable, of each automobile loan contract with an annual percentage rate as stated in the related contract of less than 6.40%, with respect to the cutoff date and any distribution date on or prior to the date on which the
Class A-2-B
Notes are paid in full, or less than 5.40% with respect to any distribution date after the date on which the
Class A-2-B
Notes are paid in full (referred to herein as the “
Required Rate
”), other than any defaulted automobile loan contract, exceeds the present value (calculated using a
discount rate equal to the Required Rate as of such date) of each scheduled payment on such automobile loan contract, calculated as if the annual percentage rate stated in the related contract was equal to the Required Rate on such distribution date
or the cutoff date, as applicable, assuming each such scheduled payment is made on the last day of each month and each month has 30 days. If no
Class A-2-B
Notes
are issued on the closing date, the Required Rate will step down from 6.40% to 5.40% on the first distribution date and remain at this level for each distribution date thereafter. See “
Description of the Transaction
Documents
—
Credit Enhancement
—
Yield Supplement Overcollateralization Amount
” for more information regarding the yield supplement overcollateralization amount.
Subordination
A class of notes that is lower in
priority of payment provides credit support to those classes of notes having higher priority of payment relative to that class. To the extent that the trust property does not generate enough cashflow in a particular month to satisfy the issuing
entity’s obligations on the related distribution date, any shortfalls or losses will be absorbed as follows:
Reserve Account
On the closing date, an amount
determined by the sponsor prior to the closing date, provided, that such amount is not less than 0.25% of the adjusted pool balance of the automobile loan contracts as of the cutoff date will be deposited into the reserve account. On each
distribution date, any excess cashflow will be deposited into the reserve account to maintain the amount on deposit at an amount determined by the sponsor prior to the closing date, provided, that such amount is not less than 0.25% of the adjusted
pool balance of the automobile loan contracts as of the cutoff date or as otherwise set forth in the sale and servicing agreement; provided, further, that the amount on deposit in the reserve account will not exceed the aggregate outstanding
principal amount of the notes after giving effect to the payments described in clauses 1 through 8 under “—
Payments
” above.
If,
on any distribution date, collections on the automobile loan contracts are insufficient to cover the payments of certain fees and expenses of the issuing entity, interest on the notes and certain required principal payments on the notes, then
amounts on deposit in the reserve account will be withdrawn and used to pay such shortfalls in the order of priority described under “—
Payments
” above.
For a more detailed description of the reserve account, including the possibility that changes may be made to the amount required to be held therein, you
should read “
Description of the Transaction Documents
—
Credit Enhancement
—
Reserve Account.
”
Book-Entry
Notes
The issuing entity will issue the notes as global securities registered in the name of Cede & Co. as nominee of The Depository Trust
Company. The noteholders will not receive definitive
15
securities representing their interests except in limited circumstances described under “
Description of the Notes — Book
-Entry
Registration
” in this prospectus.
Optional Redemption
On any distribution date on which the aggregate principal balance of the automobile loan contracts declines to 10% or less of the aggregate principal balance
of the automobile loan contracts as of the cutoff date, the notes then outstanding may be redeemed in whole, but not in part, if the servicer or the depositor exercises its
“clean-up
call” option
to purchase the automobile loan contract pool. The servicer or the depositor may exercise this option by depositing to the collection account a redemption price that is at least equal to the unpaid principal amount of the notes of each class then
outstanding, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon, which amount will then be used to redeem all of the outstanding notes.
Events of Default
The following are events of default under the indenture:
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a delay in or failure of performance referred to under the first three bullet points above was caused by a force majeure
event (as certified to in an officer’s certificate of the issuing entity), then
the applicable cure periods described in those bullet points will be extended by an additional 10 days; provided, that if there is no cure period, then such cure period will be 10 days.
If an event of default has occurred and is continuing, the notes may be accelerated and subject to immediate payment at par, plus accrued interest. If an
event of default has occurred and is continuing and the notes are accelerated, the trust collateral agent may be directed to sell the trust property, or any portion of the trust property, at one or more private or public sales. Any such liquidation
of the trust property may occur only subject to certain provisions that are set forth under “
Description of the Notes— Events of Default.
”
Any amounts that are collected (i) following the occurrence of an event of default (other than an event of default related to a breach of a covenant or a
representation and warranty), (ii) following an acceleration of the notes or (iii) upon a full or partial liquidation of the trust assets, will not be distributed in accordance with the priorities set forth under
“—
Payments
” but will instead be distributed in accordance with the following priorities:
[TABLE:94]
[TABLE:95]
[TABLE:96]
16
[TABLE:97]
[TABLE:98]
[TABLE:99]
[TABLE:100]
[TABLE:101]
Federal Income Tax Consequences
Katten Muchin Rosenman
LLP, tax counsel to the depositor, is of the opinion that, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, assuming compliance with the terms of the transaction documents (i) the notes will be characterized as indebtedness to the extent such notes are
treated as beneficially owned by a person other than the depositor and its affiliates for such purposes and (ii) the issuing entity will not be characterized as an association or publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation. By your
acceptance of a publicly offered note, you agree to treat the note as indebtedness for U.S. federal, state and local income and franchise tax purposes.
Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP has prepared the discussion under “
Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences
” and is of the opinion that
such discussion, as it relates to U.S. federal income tax matters and to the extent that it constitutes matters of law or legal conclusions with respect thereto, accurately states all material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the purchase,
ownership and disposition of the publicly offered notes to their original purchaser.
ERISA Considerations
Subject to the important considerations described under “
ERISA Considerations
” in this prospectus, the publicly offered notes may
be acquired or held by, on behalf of or with assets of, certain pension, profit-sharing and other employee benefit plans. Fiduciaries of such plans should consult with counsel before investing in
the notes.
Legal Investment
The
Class A-1
Notes will be structured to be eligible for purchase by money market funds under Rule
2a-7
of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the
“
1940 Act
”. A money market fund should consult its legal advisors regarding the eligibility of the
Class A-1
Notes under Rule
2a-7
and its financial advisors regarding whether an investment in the
Class A-1
Notes satisfies its investment policies and objectives.
Static Pool Information
Static pool information about
prime automobile loan contracts previously securitized by GM Financial is contained in Annex A to this prospectus.
1940 Act Registration
The issuing entity will be relying on an exclusion or exemption from the definition of “investment company” under the 1940 Act, contained in
Section 3(c)(5) of the 1940 Act, although there may be additional exclusions or exemptions available to the issuing entity. The issuing entity has been structured so as not to constitute a “covered fund” for purposes of the Volcker
Rule under the Dodd-Frank Act (both as defined under “
Volcker Rule Considerations
”).
Ratings of the Notes
The sponsor has engaged two nationally recognized statistical rating organizations (each an “
NRSRO
”) to assign credit ratings to the
publicly offered notes. The ratings of the publicly offered notes will address the likelihood of the payment of principal and interest on the publicly offered notes according to their terms.
Each engaged NRSRO rating the publicly offered notes will monitor the ratings using its
17
normal surveillance procedures. Each engaged NRSRO may change or withdraw an assigned rating at any time. Any rating action taken by one engaged NRSRO may not necessarily be taken by another
engaged NRSRO. No party to the transaction documents will be responsible for monitoring any changes to the ratings on the publicly offered notes. See “
Ratings
” in this prospectus for more information regarding the ratings assigned
to the publicly offered notes.
Credit Risk Retention
The risk retention regulations in Regulation RR of the Exchange Act, or “
Regulation RR
”,
require the sponsor, either directly
or through its majority-owned affiliates, to retain an economic interest of at least 5% in the credit risk of the automobile loan contracts as of the closing date. The sponsor intends to satisfy this credit risk retention requirement by the
depositor retaining an “eligible horizontal residual interest” consisting of the residual certificate. Should retention of the “eligible horizontal residual interest” fail to satisfy the sponsor’s risk retention
obligations under Regulation RR as determined by the sponsor at or prior to the time of pricing, the depositor would also expect to retain an “eligible vertical interest” in the form of a percentage in each class of notes in an amount
necessary for the sum of the fair value of the “eligible horizontal residual interest” and the amount of the “eligible vertical interest” to at least equal the required risk retention amount. See “
Credit Risk
Retention
” for more information regarding the manner in which the sponsor intends to satisfy the risk retention regulations.
Registration
Under the Securities Act
The depositor has filed a registration statement relating to the notes with the SEC on Form
SF-3.
The depositor met the registrant requirements set forth in paragraph I.A. of the General Instructions to Form
SF-3
at the time the registration statement was
filed.
18
Risk Factors
You should consider the following factors in connection with the purchase of the notes:
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
Use of Proceeds
The depositor will use the proceeds from offering the notes to:
The depositor or its affiliates may use the net proceeds from the issuance of the notes to pay their debt, including “warehouse”
debt secured by some or all of the automobile loan contracts prior to their sale to the issuing entity. This “warehouse” debt may be owed to one or more of the underwriters or their affiliates, so a portion of the proceeds that is used
to pay “warehouse” debt may be paid to the underwriters or their affiliates. No expenses incurred in connection with the selection and acquisition of the automobile loan contracts will be paid for from the offering proceeds.
The Sponsor and the Servicer
The sponsor and servicer for the notes will be AmeriCredit Financial Services, Inc. d/b/a GM Financial, or “
GM
Financial
”. GM Financial services under the “GM Financial” brand and may service under other GM affiliate brand names. GM Financial was incorporated in Delaware on July 22, 1992. GM Financial’s principal offices
are located at 801 Cherry Street, Suite 3500, Fort Worth, Texas 76102; telephone (817)
302-7000.
On October 1, 2010, pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 21, 2010, AmeriCredit Corp. became a
wholly-owned subsidiary of General Motors Holdings LLC. General Motors Holdings LLC is in turn a wholly-owned subsidiary of General Motors Company, or “
GM
”. AmeriCredit Corp. was subsequently renamed General Motors
Financial Company, Inc., or “
General Motors Financial
”. GM Financial continues to be a wholly-owned subsidiary and the primary operating subsidiary of General Motors Financial.
All of the automobile loan contracts to be sold to the issuing entity on the closing date were originated in accordance with the
sponsor’s underwriting criteria. The sponsor purchases automobile loan contracts that are originated and assigned to it by automobile dealers and, at times, originates automobile loan contracts directly with consumers.
The sponsor services all automobile loan contracts that it purchases or originates, though some servicing functions are performed by
affiliates of the sponsor, according to the sponsor’s servicing policies as described below. As of December 31, 2025, the sponsor serviced a portfolio in North America of approximately 2.54 million automobile loan contracts with an
aggregate outstanding balance of approximately $71 billion. See “
The Sponsor’s Automobile Financing Program
” for more information regarding the sponsor’s business and “
The Sponsor’s Securitization
Program
” for information regarding the sponsor’s securitization program.
The sponsor will sell and assign the pool of
automobile loan contracts to the depositor pursuant to a purchase agreement. If it is discovered that the sponsor has breached certain representations or warranties under the purchase agreement with respect to an automobile loan contract, the
sponsor will be obligated to repurchase the affected automobile loan contract from the depositor to the extent the interests of the noteholders therein are materially and adversely affected by such breach. See “
Depositor Review of
Automobile Loan Contracts—Repurchase Obligations
” for more information regarding the representations and warranties that the sponsor will make regarding the automobile loan contracts and its repurchase obligations under the purchase
agreement.
36
The transaction documents for prior pools of automobile loan contracts that were securitized
by the sponsor under any automobile loan securitization program contain covenants requiring the repurchase of automobile loan contracts for the breach of a related representation or warranty. During the three-year period ended December 31,
2025, none of the sponsor or the depositor, or the trust collateral agent or the owner trustee for any of those prior securitizations, received a demand to repurchase any automobile loan contracts underlying a securitization sponsored by the
sponsor, and there was no activity with respect to any demand made prior to such period. The sponsor, as securitizer, discloses all fulfilled and unfulfilled repurchase requests for automobile loan contracts that were the subject of a demand to
repurchase on SEC Form
ABS-15G.
The sponsor furnished its most recent Form
ABS-15G
pursuant to Rule
15Ga-1
of the Exchange Act
with the SEC on February 2, 2026. The sponsor’s CIK number is 0001002761.
Under the sale and servicing agreement, the sponsor
will service the automobile loan contracts and will be compensated for acting as the servicer. The servicer’s activities consist primarily of collecting and processing customer payments, responding to customer inquiries, initiating contact
with customers who are delinquent in payment of an installment, maintaining the security interests in the financed vehicles and arranging for the repossession of the financed vehicles, liquidation of collateral and pursuit of deficiencies when
necessary. See “
The Sponsor’s Automobile Financing Program—Automobile Loan Contract Servicing
” for more information regarding the sponsor’s general servicing procedures. See “
Description of the
Transaction Documents—Servicing Compensation
” for more information regarding the servicer’s duties under the sale and servicing agreement.
In its capacity as servicer, the sponsor will be responsible for holding (or, with respect to any automobile loan contracts that are
electronic chattel paper, maintaining in electronic format) the automobile loan contracts and the related automobile loan contract files on behalf of the trust collateral agent. The sponsor will ensure that the automobile loan contracts and the
related automobile loan contract files are clearly identified as being separate from other records. See “
Material Legal Aspects of the Automobile Loan Contracts—Security Interests in the Financed Vehicles— Perfection
”
for more information regarding the sponsor’s custodial duties with respect to the automobile loan contracts and the related automobile loan contract files.
As long as the sponsor is the servicer, the certificates of title of the financed vehicles will not be amended or reissued to note the sale of
the automobile loan contracts by the sponsor to the depositor or the sale of the automobile loan contracts by the depositor to the issuing entity or the grant of a security interest in the related financed vehicles to the trust collateral agent by
the issuing entity. Because the certificates of title are not amended, the issuing entity may not have a perfected security interest in financed vehicles originated in some states. See “
Material Legal Aspects of the Automobile Loan
Contracts
” for more information regarding the certificates of title relating to the automobile loan contracts.
General Motors
Financial of Canada, Ltd., or “
GMF of Canada
”, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the sponsor that operates a servicing center in Peterborough, Ontario. GMF of Canada was incorporated in the province of Ontario on
May 25, 1998. GMF of Canada has been servicing automobile loan contracts since 2001 through its wholly-owned subsidiary, AmeriCredit Service Center Ltd., which merged with GMF of Canada on December 31, 2003. GMF of Canada utilizes the
sponsor’s standardized servicing policies and procedures and operates on the same single, unified and interconnected software platform that the sponsor’s other servicing centers utilize, all of which are described under “
The
Sponsor’s Automobile Financing Program—Automobile Loan Contract Servicing.
” GMF of Canada is managed by the same executive officers of the sponsor that oversee the rest of the sponsor’s operations, including
servicing through its other servicing centers. GMF of Canada is operated as a separate legal entity from the sponsor due solely to the location of its servicing center in a foreign jurisdiction, despite being operated identically to the
sponsor’s other servicing centers and not as a stand-alone entity (other than as is required for regulatory and corporate governance purposes).
37
GMF of Canada will service a portion of the automobile loan contracts on behalf of the
issuing entity. GMF of Canada will service these automobile loan contracts pursuant to the Amended and Restated Servicing Agreement between GMF of Canada, as successor by merger to AmeriCredit Service Center Ltd., and the sponsor, as amended as
of January 1, 2006, in accordance with the sale and servicing agreement and in accordance with the sponsor’s customary servicing policies and procedures, using the degree of skill and attention that the sponsor exercises with respect to
all comparable automobile loan contracts that it services for itself or others. No delegation or
sub-contracting
by the sponsor of its duties under the sale and servicing agreement to GMF of Canada shall
relieve the sponsor of its responsibility with respect to such duties.
The sponsor will be the initial servicer, but as described under
“
Description of the Transaction Documents—Servicer Termination Event
,” there are circumstances where the sponsor may be removed as servicer. Information regarding the manner in which the sponsor may be removed as servicer
following the occurrence of a servicer termination event and the manner in which a successor servicer may be appointed is described under
“
Description of the Transaction Documents
—
Rights Upon Servicer Termination
Event.
”
The Depositor
AFS SenSub Corp., the sponsor’s wholly-owned subsidiary, is a Nevada corporation, incorporated in October 2000. The depositor’s
address is 801 Cherry Street, Suite 3500, Fort Worth, Texas 76102; telephone (817)
302-7000.
The depositor met the registrant requirements set forth in paragraph I.A. of the General Instructions to Form
SF-3
at the time the registration statement was filed.
The depositor is a special-purpose entity that
was formed for the limited purpose of purchasing automobile loan contracts from the sponsor and transferring the automobile loan contracts to third parties and any activities incidental to or necessary for this purpose.
The depositor will purchase the pool of automobile loan contracts from the sponsor pursuant to a purchase agreement and will sell the
automobile loan contracts to the issuing entity pursuant to the sale and servicing agreement. If it is discovered that the depositor has breached certain representations or warranties under the sale and servicing agreement with respect to an
automobile loan contract, the depositor will be required to repurchase the affected automobile loan contract from the issuing entity if the interests of the noteholders therein are materially and adversely affected by the breach. In this case, the
sponsor will be obligated to repurchase the affected automobile loan contract from the depositor pursuant to the purchase agreement. See “
Depositor Review of Automobile Loan Contracts—Repurchase Obligations
” for more
information regarding the representations and warranties that the depositor will make regarding the automobile loan contracts and its repurchase obligations under the sale and servicing agreement.
The sponsor and the depositor have structured this transaction so that the bankruptcy of the sponsor is not expected to result in the
consolidation of the depositor’s assets and liabilities with those of the sponsor. On the closing date, the depositor will receive a legal opinion, subject to various facts, assumptions and qualifications, opining that if the sponsor were
adjudged bankrupt, it would not be a proper exercise of a court’s equitable discretion to disregard the separate corporate existence of the depositor and to require the consolidation of the depositor’s assets and liabilities with those
of the sponsor. However, there can be no assurance that a court would not conclude that the assets and liabilities of the depositor should be consolidated with those of the sponsor. Delays in distributions on the notes and possible reductions in
distribution amounts could occur if a court decided to consolidate the depositor’s assets with those of the sponsor, or if a filing were made under any bankruptcy or insolvency law by or against the depositor, or if an attempt were made to
litigate any of those issues.
38
In connection with the offering of the notes, the chief executive officer of the depositor
will make the certifications required under the Securities Act about this prospectus, the disclosures made about the characteristics of the automobile loan contracts and the structure of this securitization transaction, the risks of owning the notes
and whether the securitization transaction is structured to produce sufficient cashflows to make interest and principal payments on the notes when due. This certification will be filed by the depositor with the SEC at the time of filing of this
prospectus. Despite the fact that the chief executive officer will make these certifications, this does not reduce or eliminate the risks of investing in the notes.
The Issuing Entity
GM Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables Trust
2026-2,
the issuing entity, is a Delaware statutory
trust formed under a trust agreement to consummate the transactions described in this prospectus. The issuing entity’s principal offices are in Wilmington, Delaware, in care of the owner trustee at the address listed under “
The Owner
Trustee.
”
The depositor will, on or prior to the closing date, transfer to the issuing entity an amount equal to $1.00 as the
initial capitalization of the trust. In addition, the depositor will pay organizational expenses of the issuing entity as they may arise.
The issuing entity will not engage in any activities other than:
Modifications to the trust agreement, including to the foregoing permissible activities, may be made by the depositor
and the owner trustee, upon notice by the depositor to the engaged NRSROs and with the consent of, in certain cases, the holder of the residual certificate and holders of a majority of the then-outstanding principal amount of the notes, and in all
cases, subject to the limitations set forth in the trust agreement.
The depositor will use the proceeds from the initial sale of the
notes to purchase the automobile loan contracts from the sponsor and to fund the initial deposit to the reserve account. In addition to the automobile loan contracts, the issuing entity will own the trust property, described in “
The Trust
Property.
”
The sale of the automobile loan contracts by the depositor to the issuing entity will be treated as a financing
rather than as a sale for accounting purposes. The depositor will represent and warrant that the
39
trust collateral agent, acting on behalf of the noteholders, will have a first priority perfected security interest in the automobile loan contracts by reason of the indenture and the filing of a
UCC-1
financing statement by the issuing entity in the State of Delaware which will give notice of the security interest in favor of the trust collateral agent. The issuing entity will be required to maintain
such perfected security interest.
The issuing entity may not, without the prior written consent of the owner trustee: (a) institute
any proceedings to be adjudicated as bankrupt or insolvent; (b) consent to the institution of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings against it; (c) file a petition seeking or consenting to reorganization or relief under any applicable
federal or state law relating to bankruptcy with respect to it; (d) consent to the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator (or other similar official) of the issuing entity or a substantial part of its property;
(e) make any assignment for the benefit of the issuing entity’s creditors; (f) admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due; or (g) take any action in furtherance of any of the foregoing (any of
the foregoing, a “
bankruptcy action
”). In considering whether to give or withhold written consent to any of these actions by the issuing entity, the owner trustee, with the consent of the certificateholder, shall consider
the interests of the noteholders in addition to the interests of the issuing entity and whether the issuing entity is insolvent. The owner trustee will have no duty to give written consent to any of these actions by the issuing entity if the owner
trustee has not been furnished a letter from an independent accounting firm of national reputation stating that in the opinion of such firm the issuing entity is then insolvent.
The owner trustee (as such and in its individual capacity) will not be personally liable to any person on account of the owner trustee’s
good faith reliance on the provisions of the trust agreement regarding a bankruptcy action or in connection with the owner trustee’s giving prior written consent to a bankruptcy action by the issuing entity in accordance with the trust
agreement, or withholding such consent, in good faith, and neither the issuing entity nor any certificateholder will have any claim for breach of fiduciary duty or otherwise against the owner trustee (as such and in its individual capacity) for
giving or withholding its consent to any such bankruptcy action. No certificateholder of the issuing entity has the power to commence any bankruptcy actions on behalf of the issuing entity or to direct the owner trustee to take any such actions on
the part of the issuing entity. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the consent of the trust collateral agent must be obtained prior to taking any bankruptcy action by the issuing entity.
Furthermore, the issuing entity has structured this transaction so that the bankruptcy of the depositor or the sponsor is not expected to
result in the consolidation of the issuing entity’s assets and liabilities with those of the depositor or the sponsor. On the closing date, the issuing entity will receive a legal opinion, subject to various facts, assumptions and
qualifications, opining that if the depositor or the sponsor were adjudged bankrupt, it would not be a proper exercise of a court’s equitable discretion to disregard the separate corporate existence of the issuing entity and to require the
consolidation of the issuing entity’s assets and liabilities with those of the depositor or the sponsor, as applicable. However, there can be no assurance that a court would not conclude that the assets and liabilities of the issuing entity
should be consolidated with those of the depositor or sponsor, as appropriate.
The residual certificate (which represents the residual
interest in the issuing entity) will be issued pursuant to the trust agreement and will initially be held by the depositor, the entity that formed the issuing entity. The residual certificate is intended to constitute an “eligible horizontal
residual interest” under Regulation RR of the Exchange Act because it is an interest in the issuing entity (i) with respect to which on any distribution date on which the issuing entity has insufficient funds to satisfy its obligation to
pay all contractual interest or principal due, any resulting shortfall will reduce amounts payable to the residual certificate prior to any reduction in the amounts payable to any class of notes and (ii) that has the most subordinated claim to
payments of both principal and interest by the issuing entity.
40
Capitalization and Liabilities of the Issuing Entity
The following table illustrates the expected assets of the issuing entity as of the closing date:
[TABLE:127]
The following table illustrates the expected liabilities of the issuing entity as of the closing date:
[TABLE:128]
The issuing entity’s fiscal year ends on December 31.
41
The Owner Trustee
Wilmington Trust Company, or “
WTC
”, also referred to herein as the owner trustee, is a Delaware
non-depository
trust company originally incorporated in 1901. On July 1, 2011, WTC filed an amended charter which changed its status from a Delaware banking corporation to a Delaware
non-depository
trust company. WTC’s principal place of business is located at 1100 North Market Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19890. WTC is an affiliate of Wilmington Trust, National Association, or
“
WTNA
”, and both WTC and WTNA are subsidiaries of M&T Bank Corporation. Since 1998, WTC has served as owner trustee in numerous asset-backed securities transactions involving automobile loan contracts.
The owner trustee has provided the above information for purposes of complying with Regulation AB. Other than the paragraph above and except
as described under “
Legal Proceedings
,” WTC has not participated in the preparation of, and is not responsible for, any other information contained in this prospectus.
Pursuant to the trust agreement, the owner trustee will perform limited administrative functions of the issuing entity including the execution
and delivery of the Transaction Documents and any related certificate or other document to which the issuing entity is a party. The issuing entity will authorize and direct the trustee to authenticate and deliver the notes and the owner trustee will
be authorized but not obligated to take all other actions required of the issuing entity pursuant to the Transaction Documents.
The
depositor will indemnify the owner trustee and its officers, directors, successors, assigns, agents and servants against any and all loss, liability or expense incurred by the owner trustee in connection with the performance of its duties under the
Transaction Documents, except that the depositor shall not be liable for or required to indemnify the owner trustee from any loss, liability or expense that results from the owner trustee’s willful misconduct, bad faith or negligence. The
owner trustee is obligated to perform only those duties that are specifically assigned to it in the trust agreement. The owner trustee will not be liable for any action taken at the direction of the servicer or the certificateholder in accordance
with the Transaction Documents. The owner trustee will not be required to expend its own funds or incur any financial liability in respect of any of its actions as owner trustee if the owner trustee has reasonable grounds to believe that
reimbursement to it of such funds or for such liabilities is not reasonably assured. The owner trustee is not liable for any error of judgment made by it in good faith.
WTC will be the owner trustee initially, but there are certain conditions under which the owner trustee may be removed or may resign, in which
case a successor owner trustee will be appointed. See “
Description of the Transaction Documents—Replacement of Owner Trustee
” for information regarding the owner trustee’s removal, resignation and replacement.
The Trustee and Trust Collateral Agent
The Bank of New York Mellon will be the trustee (in such capacity, the “
trustee
”) under the indenture and the trust
collateral agent (in such capacity, the “
trust collateral agent
”) under the indenture. The Bank of New York Mellon is a New York banking corporation. Its corporate trust office is located at (a) solely for the purposes
of the transfer, surrender, exchange or presentation for final payment of the notes, 500 Ross Street, Suite 625, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15262, Attention: Transfer Unit – GMCAR
2026-2,
and (b) for
all other purposes, 240 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10286, Attn: Corporate Trust Administration – GMCAR
2026-2.
The Bank of New York Mellon acts as trustee through its Global Corporate Trust
Division in the Securities Services line of business. The Global Corporate Trust Division offers a full range of trust and administrative services for prime and
sub-prime
asset-backed transactions from offices
across the U.S. and around the world. Asset classes for which The Bank of New York Mellon serves as trustee include residential mortgages, credit cards, auto loans, equipment loans and leases, trade
42
receivables, commercial leases and franchise loans. The servicer, the depositor and their respective affiliates may maintain normal commercial banking relationships with The Bank of New York
Mellon and its affiliates. The fees, expenses and indemnities of the trustee and trust collateral agent will be paid by the servicer under the sale and servicing agreement and to the extent not paid thereunder, will be paid by the issuing entity in
accordance with the priority of payments set forth under “
Description of the Transaction Documents —Distributions — Distribution Date Payments
”.
The issuing entity will cause the servicer to indemnify the trustee, the trust collateral agent and their respective officers, directors,
employees and agents against any and all loss, liability or expense (including attorneys’ fees and expenses, and court costs) incurred by each of them in connection with the acceptance or the administration of the issuing entity and the
performance of its duties under the Transaction Documents (including any expenses and costs (including attorneys’ fees and expenses and court costs) incurred in connection with any action or suit brought by the trustee or trust collateral
agent to enforce any indemnification or other obligation of the issuing entity or servicer). Neither the issuing entity nor the depositor will be required to indemnify against any loss, liability or expense incurred by the trustee or trust
collateral agent through the trustee’s or the trust collateral agent’s own willful misconduct, negligence or bad faith. The trustee is obligated to perform only those duties that are specifically assigned to it in the indenture and the
sale and servicing agreement. The trustee may conclusively rely on certificates and opinions furnished to it in accordance with the indenture. The indenture does not require the trustee to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur financial
liability if it has reasonable grounds to believe that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk is not reasonably assured to it. The trustee is not liable for any error of judgment made by it in good faith. The trustee will
not be liable with respect to any action it takes or omits to take pursuant to directions from the noteholders in accordance with the indenture. See “
Description of the Notes
” for more information regarding the trustee’s
duties under the indenture and the trust collateral agent’s duties under the sale and servicing agreement.
The Bank of New York
Mellon will be the trustee and trust collateral agent initially, but there are certain conditions under which the trustee and trust collateral agent may be removed or may resign, in which case a successor trustee and trust collateral agent will be
appointed. See “
Description of the Transaction Documents—Replacement of Trustee
” for information regarding the trustee’s and the trust collateral agent’s removal, resignation and replacement.
The Asset Representations Reviewer
Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC, “
Clayton
”, a Delaware limited liability company, will act as the “asset
representations reviewer” under the asset representations review agreement. Clayton is a
wholly-owned
subsidiary of Covius Services, LLC. Clayton and its affiliates have provided independent due
diligence loan review and servicer oversight services since 1989. Clayton has been engaged as the asset representations reviewer on more than 800 auto and equipment loan, lease and dealer floorplan and credit card securitization transactions since
2015.
Clayton and its affiliates are leading providers of targeted due diligence reviews of securitized assets and policies and
procedures of originators and servicers to assess compliance with representations and warranties, regulatory and legal requirements, investor guidelines and settlement agreements. Clayton and its affiliates have performed over 17 million loan
reviews and provided ongoing oversight on over $2 trillion of securitization transactions on behalf of investors, sponsors, issuers and originators, including government sponsored enterprises and other governmental agencies. These services have been
performed primarily on residential mortgage loan and residential mortgage-backed security transactions, although Clayton and its affiliates have also performed these services for transactions involving auto loans, equipment loans and leases, credit
cards, commercial mortgage loans, student loans, timeshare loans and boat and recreational vehicle loans.
43
The asset representations reviewer is an “
eligible asset representations
reviewer
”, meaning that (i) it is not affiliated with the sponsor, the depositor, the servicer, the trustee, the owner trustee, the trust collateral agent or any of their affiliates, and (ii) neither it nor any of its
affiliates has been hired by the sponsor or the underwriters to perform
pre-closing
due diligence work on the automobile loan contracts. The asset representations reviewer is not responsible for reviewing the
automobile loan contracts for compliance with the representations under the Transaction Documents, except in connection with a review under the asset representations review agreement, or for determining whether noncompliance with any representation
is a breach of the Transaction Documents.
The asset representations reviewer’s main duties will be:
See “
Description of the Transaction Documents—
Asset Representations Review Triggers and
Procedures—Asset Representations Review Procedur
es
” for a description of the nature of the review to be performed by the asset representations reviewer.
The asset representations reviewer will not be liable for any action, omission or error in judgment unless it is due to willful misconduct,
bad faith or negligence by the asset representations reviewer. The asset representations reviewer will not be liable for any errors in any review materials relied on by it to perform a review or for the noncompliance or breach of any representation
made about the automobile loan contracts.
The issuing entity will, or will cause the servicer to, indemnify the asset representations
reviewer for liabilities and damages resulting from the asset representations reviewer’s performance of its duties under the asset representations review agreement unless caused by the willful misconduct, bad faith or negligence (other than
errors in judgment) of the asset representations reviewer or as a result of any breach of representations made by the asset representations reviewer in the asset representations review agreement.
The issuing entity will pay the upfront and annual fees and review fees of the asset representations reviewer and pay any indemnities due to
the asset representations reviewer, to the extent those amounts are not paid or reimbursed by the servicer. The issuing entity will pay these amounts to the asset representations reviewer on each distribution date, along with similar amounts owed to
the trustee, the trust collateral agent and the owner trustee and expenses incurred by the issuing entity under the Transaction Documents (subject, in each case, to the applicable cap on such amounts as described under “
Description of the
Transaction Documents
—
Distributions
—
Distribution Date Payments
”), before the issuing entity makes any other payments to items with a lower payment priority.
The asset representations reviewer may not resign unless (i) it becomes legally unable to act or (ii) the issuing entity consents to
the resignation. The issuing entity may remove the asset representations reviewer if the asset representations reviewer becomes legally unable to act or becomes subject to a bankruptcy and will be required to remove the asset representations
reviewer if it no longer is an eligible asset representations reviewer. No resignation or removal of the asset representations reviewer will be effective until a successor asset representations reviewer is in place. Any successor asset
representations reviewer must be an eligible asset representations reviewer.
If during any collection period the asset representations
reviewer resigns or is removed, replaced or substituted, or if a new asset representations reviewer is appointed, the date on which such event occurred
44
and the circumstances surrounding the change will be indicated on the distribution report filed on Form
10-D
relating to that collection period.
Additionally, if a new asset representations reviewer has been appointed, information regarding that party will also be provided in the Form
10-D.
The predecessor asset representations reviewer will pay the
reasonable expenses of the successor asset representations reviewer in transitioning the asset representations reviewer’s obligations under the asset representations review agreement and preparing the successor asset representations reviewer
to take on the obligations on receipt of an invoice with reasonable detail of the expenses from the successor asset representations reviewer.
The Sponsor’s Automobile Financing Program
General
GM Financial is a
wholly-owned subsidiary of General Motors Financial, which is the wholly-owned captive finance subsidiary of GM and is a global provider of automobile financing solutions for GM. The sponsor has been operating in the automobile finance business in
North America since September 1992. GM Financial began a strategic relationship with GM in September 2009 and was acquired by GM in October 2010 in order to provide captive financing capabilities to strategic and underserved segments of GM’s
markets. As a part of the broader captive capabilities, GM Financial added prime loan financing in the U.S. in 2014 and became the exclusive subvented loan provider for GM in January 2016.
GM Financial purchases automobile loan contracts from motor vehicle dealers in the United States in the ordinary course of its business. In
its capacity as servicer, GM Financial will service the automobile loan contracts that are owned by the issuing entity pursuant to the sale and servicing agreement at one or more regional centers using automated loan servicing and collection
systems. GM Financial funds these finance activities in part through “warehouse” credit facilities and securitization transactions.
As GM’s captive finance subsidiary, GM Financial’s business strategy is to help GM sell vehicles while earning an appropriate
risk-adjusted return. This includes increasing new GM automobile sales by offering a broad spectrum of competitive financing programs, while continuing to serve as a valuable financing source for
non-GM-franchised
dealers. The consumer loan program includes full credit spectrum lending under the “GM Financial” brand for
GM-franchised
dealers and a
subprime lending product under the “AmeriCredit” brand for
non-GM-franchised
dealers. GM Financial’s consumer automobile loan contracts are generally
fully amortizing with substantially equal monthly installments. In addition, GM Financial offers automobile leases to consumers and offers commercial lending services for
GM-franchised
dealers.
Marketing
As a primarily indirect
originator of automobile loan contracts, GM Financial focuses its marketing activities on automobile dealers. GM Financial pursues primarily
GM-franchised
and
non-GM-franchised
dealers with new and used car operations and select independent dealers.
GM
Financial actively monitors its dealer relationships with the objective of maximizing the volume of applications received from each dealer that meets its underwriting standards and profitability objectives. Because GM Financial maintains
non-exclusive
relationships with dealers, when a customer seeks to purchase a vehicle, the dealer retains discretion to obtain financing for that particular customer from GM Financial or from another financing
source. GM Financial’s dealer account representatives regularly contact and visit dealers to solicit new business, explain GM Financial’s underwriting philosophy, and answer any questions regarding GM Financial’s financing
programs. To increase the effectiveness of these contacts, dealer account representatives have access to GM Financial’s management information systems, which detail current information regarding the number of applications submitted by a
dealer, GM Financial’s responses and the reasons for rejection of any particular application.
45
GM Financial generally purchases automobile loan contracts without recourse to the dealer.
Accordingly, the dealer has no liability to GM Financial if the consumer defaults on the automobile loan contract. However, the dealer typically makes certain representations as to the validity of the automobile loan contract and compliance with
certain laws and indemnifies GM Financial against any claims, defenses and
set-offs
that may be asserted against GM Financial because of assignment of the automobile loan contract or the condition of the
related vehicle. Recourse based upon those representations and indemnities would be limited if the dealer had insufficient financial resources to perform upon such representations and indemnities. GM Financial does not view recourse against the
dealer on these representations and indemnities to be of material significance in its decision to purchase automobile loan contracts from a dealer.
Origination Network
GM
Financial’s origination platform provides specialized focus on marketing and financing programs and underwriting automobile loan contracts. Responsibilities are segregated so that the sales group markets GM Financial’s programs and
products to its dealer customers, while the underwriting group focuses on underwriting, negotiating and closing applications submitted by those dealers. The sales and underwriting groups are further segregated, with separate teams servicing
GM-franchised
dealers and
non-GM-franchised
dealers. This structure allows GM Financial to maintain efficient service for its
non-GM-franchised
dealers while providing
GM-franchised
dealers the broader loan, lease and commercial lending products. All
underwriters are aligned with credit centers and may work remotely. Dealer account representatives are aligned with the credit centers and work remotely in their service areas. GM Financial believes that the personal relationships its credit
underwriters and dealer account representatives establish with the dealers’ staff are an important factor in creating and maintaining productive relationships with its dealer customer base.
GM Financial selects markets for credit center locations based upon numerous factors, most notably proximity to the geographic markets and
dealers it seeks to serve and availability of qualified personnel. Credit centers are typically situated in suburban office buildings.
Credit centers are staffed by a credit center vice president, regional credit managers, credit managers and credit underwriting specialists.
The credit center vice president reports to a senior vice president in GM Financial’s corporate office. Credit center personnel are compensated with base salaries and incentives based on overall credit center performance, which includes
factors such as credit quality, pricing adequacy and volume objectives. The credit center vice presidents, regional credit managers and senior vice presidents monitor credit center compliance with GM Financial’s underwriting guidelines. GM
Financial’s management information systems provide these managers with access to credit center information, enabling them to consult with credit center teams on credit decisions and assess adherence to GM Financial’s credit policies.
Additionally, information systems and underwriting systems have systemic controls which limit an underwriter from approving business outside of their assigned credit authority. The senior vice presidents also make periodic visits to the credit
centers to conduct operational reviews.
Dealer account representatives solicit dealers for applications and maintain GM Financial’s
relationships with the dealers in their geographic vicinity, but do not have responsibility for credit approvals. GM Financial believes the local presence provided by its dealer account representatives enables it to be more responsive to dealer
concerns and local market conditions. Applications solicited by the dealer account representatives are underwritten at the credit centers. The dealer account representatives are compensated with base salaries and incentives based on automobile loan
contract dealer penetration rates and volume objectives. The dealer account representatives report to regional sales managers, who report to sales vice presidents. The sales vice presidents report to a senior vice president in GM Financial’s
corporate office.
46
Manufacturer Relationship
GM Financial coordinates with GM to establish marketing programs for loan products. These programs serve GM Financial’s goal of
increasing new automobile loan contract originations and GM’s goal of making credit more available and affordable to consumers purchasing vehicles sold by GM. The programs may include special-rate financing, down payment assistance and cash
payments directly to dealers. GM Financial has programs with GM, typically known as subvention programs, under which GM provides cash payments to GM Financial so that GM Financial can offer lower customer payments on automobile loan contracts it
purchases from GM’s dealer network. Under these subvention programs, GM Financial determines the appropriate amount to charge GM for the vehicles contracted under a specific subvention program. In determining this amount, consideration is
given to the subvented rate and automobile loan contract term as well as an applicant’s risk profile. The combined subvented support payments are paid by GM directly to GM Financial and do not constitute cashflow that is available to make
payments on any notes.
Credit Underwriting
GM Financial utilizes underwriting guidelines to achieve a given business strategy for automobile loan contract originations. These guidelines
are dependent upon risk tolerances which may, and often do, change depending on many factors. These include, but are not limited to: GM Financial’s strategic objectives; market demand for automobile finance; the accessibility and cost of
financing to GM Financial to support its automobile loan contract originations; the general economic environment; consumer credit trends; and volatility in used car pricing. GM Financial reviews profitability metrics on a consolidated basis as well
as by various segmentations, including but not limited to geographic region, origination channel, and automobile loan contract levels. The following paragraphs discuss in more detail GM Financial’s proprietary credit scoring system,
underwriting guidelines and the underwriting process.
GM Financial’s credit approval process is supported by its proprietary credit
scoring system. Credit scoring is used to differentiate credit applicants and to statistically rank-order credit risk in terms of expected default rates. For example, if an application has a lower score, that indicates a higher probability that the
related customer will default on the automobile loan contract. The credit scoring system incorporates data contained in the customer’s credit application, credit bureau report and other third-party data sources, together with the structure of
the proposed automobile loan contract.
The credit scoring system was developed primarily through statistical analysis of GM
Financial’s consumer demographic and portfolio databases consisting of data GM Financial has collected over its more than 20 years of operating history. Because this historical data was predominantly focused on the below prime segment, the
credit scoring models for prime obligors were also developed, in part, through analysis of credit bureau data for prime obligors purchased from a national credit bureau archive. GM Financial’s historical automobile loan contract performance
data was blended with this supplemental credit bureau data to create a more appropriate risk assessment of the full credit spectrum of consumers that typically apply for credit with captive finance companies such as GM Financial for automobile loan
contracts.
GM Financial’s credit scorecards are monitored for design stability and effectiveness on an ongoing basis. Periodically,
GM Financial refines its scorecards based on new information, including but not limited to changing applicant demographics, credit trends and identified correlations between expected and actual performance.
47
While GM Financial employs a credit scoring system in the credit approval process, credit
scoring does not eliminate the risk that some portion of the obligors will default on their payment obligations under their automobile loan contracts. Adverse changes in certain macroeconomic factors after origination could also negatively impact
credit performance of GM Financial’s automobile loan contract portfolio.
In addition to the proprietary credit scoring system
described above, GM Financial sets other underwriting guidelines. These underwriting guidelines are comprised of a number of evaluation criteria, which may be used in total or in part, including: (i) identification and assessment of the
applicant’s willingness and capacity to repay the automobile loan contract, including consideration of credit history and performance on past and existing obligations; (ii) credit bureau data; (iii) collateral identification and
valuation; (iv) payment structure and debt ratios; (v) insurance information; (vi) employment, income and residency verifications, as considered appropriate; and (vii) in certain cases, the creditworthiness of a
co-obligor.
These underwriting guidelines, and the minimum credit risk profiles of applicants GM Financial will approve based on the rank-ordering determined by the credit scorecards as described above, are subject
to change from time to time based on economic, competitive and capital market conditions as well as GM Financial’s overall origination strategies.
GM Financial originates automobile loan contracts through underwriting specialists located in regional credit centers using a credit approval
process tailored to local market conditions. Underwriting personnel have a specific credit authority based upon their experience and established credit scoring parameters. More experienced specialists are assigned higher approval levels. If an
application’s attributes and characteristics exceed an underwriting specialist’s credit authority, each specialist has the ability to escalate the application to a more senior underwriter with a higher level of approval authority.
Authorized senior underwriting officers may approve any application notwithstanding the underwriting guidelines as part of the overall underwriting process. While the credit approval process is decentralized, GM Financial’s application
processing system includes controls to ensure that credit decisions comply with GM Financial’s current credit scoring strategies and underwriting policies and procedures, including approval authorities.
Application packages completed by prospective obligors are received electronically through
web-based
platforms that automate and accelerate the financing process. Upon receipt or entry of application data into GM Financial’s application processing system, a credit bureau report and other third-party data sources are automatically accessed and
a proprietary credit score is computed. An application may be automatically approved, automatically declined or sent for manual review. Applications not automatically approved or declined will have underwriting personnel continue to review the
application package and determine whether to approve the application, approve the application subject to conditions that must be met, or deny the application. Underwriting automobile loan contracts is a process that may include judgment at this
stage. At this judgmental review stage, the credit applications are individually reviewed by an underwriting specialist, who examines the information utilized in the initial credit scoring system process together with any additional data.
Once the final terms are established, the application is assigned a final credit score by the credit scoring system. A credit decision to
approve or reject the application is made, either by an automated system or by a credit underwriter or personnel with the required level of authority. Dealers are contacted electronically regarding credit decisions. Declined applicants are also
provided with appropriate notification of the decision.
48
Completed automobile loan contract packages are sent to GM Financial by the related dealer.
Automobile loan contract documentation is scanned to create electronic images and electronically forwarded to GM Financial’s centralized automobile loan contract processing department. A processing representative verifies certain application
information as appropriate. Automobile loan contract terms, insurance coverage and other information may then be verified or confirmed with the customer. GM Financial contracts with a third party to maintain the original automobile loan contract and
title documents on its behalf.
Once an automobile loan contract is cleared for funding, funds are electronically transferred to the
dealer or in certain instances a check is issued. Upon funding of the automobile loan contract, GM Financial acquires a perfected security interest in the automobile that was financed. Daily reports of newly-originated automobile loan contracts are
generated for review by senior operations management.
GM Financial uses programs developed and maintained by service providers that allow
it to complete the entire contracting process electronically. The majority of the automobile loan contracts (by aggregate principal balance as of the cutoff date) were originated as electronic automobile loan contracts. The percentage of electronic
automobile loan contracts may change if, pursuant to the sale and servicing agreement, the custodian converts tangible automobile loan contracts to electronic automobile loan contracts or electronic automobile loan contracts to tangible automobile
loan contracts after the closing date. Automobile loan contracts that are created electronically are electronically signed by the related obligors and are stored in an electronic vault that is maintained by a third party to facilitate the process of
creating and storing such electronic automobile loan contracts. The third-party system uses a combination of technological and administrative features that are designed to: (i) designate a single copy of the record or records comprising an
electronic automobile loan contract as being the single authoritative copy of the automobile loan contract; (ii) manage access to and the expression of the authoritative copy; (iii) identify GM Financial as the owner of record of the
authoritative copy; and (iv) provide a means for transferring record ownership of, and the exclusive right of access to, the authoritative copy from the current owner of record to a successor owner of record. GM Financial typically does not
maintain physical copies of any electronic automobile loan contracts. GM Financial may decide to convert some or all of its automobile loan contracts to electronic automobile loan contracts in the future.
Automobile Loan Contract Servicing
GM Financial’s servicing activities include collecting and processing customer payments, responding to customer inquiries, initiating
contact with customers who are delinquent in payments, maintaining the security interest in financed vehicles, and arranging for the repossession of financed vehicles, liquidation of collateral and pursuit of deficiencies when appropriate. As
servicer, GM Financial will prepare monthly servicer reports, provide distribution instructions to the trust collateral agent and prepare annual compliance reports. GM Financial services under the “GM Financial” brand and may service
under other GM affiliate brand names.
When an automobile loan contract is originated, the related financed vehicle is required to be
covered by a comprehensive and collision insurance policy in accordance with GM Financial’s customary servicing procedures. The servicer does not customarily advance interest or principal payments on behalf of obligors and the Transaction
Documents do not allow or require the servicer to make advances with respect to the automobile loan contracts owned by the issuing entity. However, obligors participating in reward or loyalty programs sponsored by GM Financial or any of its
affiliates may use points accrued under the program to offset a limited amount of their monthly payment, in which case GM Financial shall remit the offset amount out of its own funds to the servicer.
49
Collections
GM Financial services the automobile loan contract portfolio through regional centers located in San Antonio, Texas; Chandler, Arizona;
Charlotte, North Carolina; and Peterborough, Ontario. A predictive dialing system is utilized to make telephone calls to customers in the early stages of delinquency. The predictive dialer is a computer-controlled telephone dialing system that
simultaneously dials telephone numbers of multiple customers from a file of records extracted from GM Financial’s database. Once a connection is made to the automated dialer’s call, the system automatically transfers the call to a
collector and the relevant account information to the collector’s computer screen. By eliminating the time spent on attempting to reach customers, the system gives a single collector the ability to contact a larger number of customers daily.
Once an account reaches a certain level of delinquency, it moves to one of GM Financial’s advanced collection units. The objective
of these collectors is to resolve the delinquent account. This unit will service the account through resolution. GM Financial may repossess a financed vehicle if an account is deemed uncollectible; the financed vehicle is deemed to be in danger of
being damaged, destroyed or hidden; GM Financial determines that the customer is dealing in bad faith; or the customer voluntarily surrenders the financed vehicle to GM Financial.
Statistically-based behavioral assessment models are used in GM Financial’s automobile loan contract servicing activities to project the
relative probability that an individual account will have further credit deterioration. The behavioral assessment models are used to help develop servicing strategies for the portfolio or for targeted account groups within the portfolio.
At times, GM Financial offers payment deferrals to customers who have encountered temporary financial difficulties that hinder their ability
to pay in accordance with their automobile loan contract terms. A deferral allows the customer to move delinquent payments to the end of the automobile loan contract, usually by paying a fee that is calculated in a manner specified by applicable
law. The collector reviews the customer’s attribute-based factors, such as past payment history, recent extensions and behavioral score, and assesses the customer’s desire and capacity to make future payments. Before agreeing to a
deferral, the collector also considers whether the deferment transaction complies with GM Financial’s policies and guidelines. Any exceptions to the sponsor’s policies and guidelines for deferrals must be approved in accordance with
these policies and guidelines. While payment deferrals are initiated and approved in the collections department, a separate department processes authorized deferment transactions. Exceptions to the deferment guidelines are also monitored by GM
Financial’s centralized credit risk management function.
Repossessions
Repossessions are subject to prescribed legal procedures, which include peaceful repossession, one or more customer notifications as required,
a prescribed waiting period prior to disposition of the repossessed vehicle and return of personal items to the customer. Some jurisdictions provide the customer with reinstatement or redemption rights. Legal requirements, particularly in the event
of customer bankruptcy, may restrict GM Financial’s ability to repossess a vehicle or dispose of the repossessed vehicle. All repossessions must be approved by the designated level of authority. GM Financial engages independent repossession
firms to handle repossessions. Upon repossession and after any prescribed waiting period, the repossessed vehicle is sold at auction. The proceeds from the sale of the financed vehicle at auction, and any other recoveries, are credited against the
remaining balance outstanding under the related automobile loan contract. Auction proceeds from the sale of a repossessed financed vehicle and other recoveries may not be sufficient to cover the remaining balance outstanding under the related
automobile loan contract, and the resulting deficiency is
written-off.
GM Financial pursues collection of deficiencies when it deems such action to be appropriate.
50
GM Financial’s policy is to charge off an automobile loan contract in the month in
which the automobile loan contract becomes
one-hundred
twenty (120) days contractually delinquent if it has not repossessed the related financed vehicle. GM Financial also charges off automobile loan
contracts in repossession when the financed vehicle is repossessed and legally available for disposition. A
charge-off
represents the difference between the estimated net sales proceeds and the outstanding
principal balance of the delinquent automobile loan contract, including accrued interest.
Risk Management
GM Financial’s credit risk management function is responsible for monitoring the automobile loan contract approval process and
supporting the supervisory role of senior operations management. The credit risk management function also regularly reviews the performance of GM Financial’s credit scoring system by tracking actual performance versus projected performance by
credit score. It is also responsible for assisting GM Financial’s data science team in the development and enhancement of the credit scorecards.
GM Financial’s underwriting guidelines and credit decisioning models are regularly modified, updated and enhanced. Post-funding credit
performance is monitored and analyzed by the credit risk management department to determine if any process changes are required depending on GM Financial’s strategic objectives and/or economic conditions. Additionally, GM Financial tracks key
variables such as applicant data, credit bureau and credit score information, automobile loan contract structures and terms, and payment histories.
Credit performance reports track portfolio performance at various levels of detail, including total portfolio, credit center and dealer.
Various reports and analytical data are generated to monitor credit quality and performance as well as to refine the structure and mix of new automobile loan contract originations. All of this ongoing analysis is regularly reviewed and analyzed by
GM Financial to aid in adjusting and improving origination processes and decisioning.
GM Financial’s centralized credit review
department conducts regular targeted reviews of new originations and provides recurring reporting and monitoring. The primary objectives of the reviews are to identify risks and associated controls, to measure compliance with GM Financial’s
written policies and procedures, and to examine the credit decisions generated during the originations process.
The Sponsor’s Securitization Program
This is the thirty-fourth publicly offered and thirty-seventh securitization of prime automobile loan contracts that the sponsor has sponsored
under the GM Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables Trust, or “
GMCAR
”, program. In addition, the sponsor has sponsored securitizations of prime automobile loan contracts under the GM Financial Revolving Receivables
Trust, or “
GMREV
”, program. Under the AmeriCredit Automobile Receivables Trust, or “
AMCAR
”, program, which primarily includes
sub-prime
automobile loan
contracts, the sponsor has previously sponsored over 100 securitizations since 1994. The sponsor also completed three transactions under the AmeriCredit Prime Automobile Receivables Trust, or “
APART
”, program between 2007
and 2009, which primarily included prime and near-prime automobile loan contracts. In 2014, the sponsor began to sponsor securitizations backed by automobile lease assets under its GM Financial Automobile Leasing Trust, or
“
GMALT
”, program; and in 2015 the sponsor began to sponsor securitizations backed by dealer floorplan receivables under its GMF Floorplan Owner Revolving Trust, or “
GFORT
”, program.
Each of the sponsor’s previous securitizations of automobile loan contracts had a similar legal structure to the current transaction. In
each of those securitizations, the sponsor and/or originating affiliates of the sponsor either purchased automobile loan contracts from automobile dealers and other
51
third-party lenders or originated the automobile loan contracts directly with consumers and the sponsor then sold those automobile loan contracts to a wholly-owned subsidiary that served as
depositor for the related transaction. The related depositor then resold the automobile loan contracts to a newly-created statutory trust that issued asset-backed securities that were backed by the automobile loan contracts. The sponsor served as
and, with respect to the outstanding transactions, continues to serve as, servicer on each transaction.
GM
Financial’s Static Pool Information
Information about prime automobile loan contracts previously securitized by GM Financial
under the GMCAR program is contained in Annex A to this prospectus. The characteristics of the automobile loan contracts described in Annex A may vary from the characteristics of the automobile loan contracts included in the pool related to this
transaction. For additional details regarding the pool, please refer to “
The Automobile Loan Contracts – Composition
” in this prospectus. These differences, along with the varying economic conditions applicable to the prior
securitized pools, may make it unlikely that the pool described in this prospectus will perform in the same way that any automobile loan contracts described in Annex A have performed.
Static pool information contained in Annex A to this prospectus includes summary information for original characteristics of automobile loan
contracts, the distribution of automobile loan contracts by geographic locations of obligors, the distribution of automobile loan contracts by vehicle segment, vehicle make and vehicle model, and prepayment speeds, delinquency information and loss
information.
The Trust Property
The trust property will include, among other things:
52
The automobile loan contracts will be purchased by the depositor from the sponsor under the
purchase agreement, and will then be purchased by the issuing entity from the depositor under the sale and servicing agreement, in each case on or about the closing date.
The automobile loan contracts were originated by the sponsor through dealers or were originated directly with consumers by the sponsor
according to the sponsor’s credit policies. The automobile loan contracts originated by dealers have been assigned to the sponsor and evidence the indirect financing made to the obligor. The sponsor’s agreements with the dealers who
originated the automobile loan contracts may provide for repurchase by or recourse against the dealer if there is a breach of a representation or warranty under the relevant dealer agreement.
Under the indenture, the issuing entity will grant a security interest in the trust property to the trust collateral agent for the
trustee’s benefit on the noteholders’ behalf. Any proceeds of the trust property will be distributed according to the indenture.
The Automobile Loan Contracts
Eligibility Criteria for Automobile Loan Contracts
The automobile loan contracts were selected according to several criteria. In addition, as of the cutoff date the automobile loan contracts
were selected from the sponsor’s portfolio of prime automobile loan contracts based on the following criteria:
[TABLE:141]
[TABLE:142]
[TABLE:143]
[TABLE:144]
[TABLE:145]
53
Automobile loan contracts representing 10% or more of the
aggregate Principal Balance of the automobile loan contracts as of the cutoff date were originated in the State of Texas. The performance of the automobile loan contracts in the aggregate could be adversely affected in particular by the development
of adverse economic conditions in such state.
No expenses incurred in connection with the selection and acquisition of the automobile
loan contracts will be paid for from the offering proceeds.
Composition
The information presented in this prospectus is based on a pool of automobile loan contracts as of the cutoff date, which is the close of
business on March 9, 2026. As of the cutoff date, the automobile loan contracts had an aggregate principal balance of $1,334,985,028.69.
The automobile loan contract pool’s composition and distribution by credit bureau score at origination, original term, APR, powertrain,
geographic location, wholesale
loan-to-value
(LTV) ratio, vehicle make, vehicle model and vehicle segment as of the cutoff date are detailed in the following tables:
54
Composition of the Automobile Loan Contracts
as of the Cutoff Date
(1)
(1) For a
description of how the information presented in this table may differ from the asset-level data filed with the SEC on Form
ABS-EE,
see “
Depositor Review of Automobile Loan Contracts—Asset-Level
Data About the Automobile Loan Contracts.
”
(2) Calculated based on aggregate principal balance.
(3) See footnote (2) of the “
Distribution of the Automobile Loan Contracts by Wholesale LTV as of the Cutoff Date
” table below.
(4) See footnote (2) of the “
Distribution of the Automobile Loan Contracts by Credit Bureau Score as of the Cutoff Date
” table below.
(5) Proprietary credit score developed and utilized by the sponsor to support the credit approval and pricing process. The scale of the proprietary score
is not comparable to a credit bureau score.
55
Distribution of the Automobile Loan Contracts by Credit Bureau Score
as of the Cutoff Date
(1)
(1) For a description of how the information presented in this table may differ from the asset-level data filed with the SEC on Form
ABS-EE,
see “
Depositor Review of Automobile Loan Contracts—Asset-Level Data About the Automobile Loan Contracts.
”
(2) A FICO
®
Auto Score provided by credit reporting agencies. The sponsor utilizes Transunion, Equifax
or Experian credit reports depending on the location of the obligor.
(3) Percentages may not add to 100% because of rounding.
Distribution of the Automobile Loan Contracts by Original Term
as of the Cutoff Date
(1)
(1) For a description of how the information presented in this table may differ from the asset-level data filed with the SEC on Form
ABS-EE,
see “
Depositor Review of Automobile Loan Contracts
—Asset-Level Data About the Automobile Loan Contracts.
”
(2) Percentages may not add to 100% because of rounding.
56
Distribution of the Automobile Loan Contracts by APR
as of the Cutoff Date
(1)
(1) For a description of how the information presented in this table may differ from the asset-level data filed with the SEC on Form
ABS-EE,
see “
Depositor Review of Automobile Loan Contracts—Asset-Level Data About the Automobile Loan Contracts.
”
(2) Percentages may not add to 100% because of rounding
.
Distribution of the Automobile Loan Contracts by Powertrain
as of the Cutoff Date
(1)
(1) For a
description of how the information presented in this table may differ from the asset-level data filed with the SEC on Form
ABS-EE,
see “
Depositor Review of Automobile Loan Contracts—Asset-Level
Data About the Automobile Loan Contracts.
”
(2) Percentages may not add to 100% because of rounding.
(3) Includes vehicles with a
plug-in
hybrid electric power source.
57
Distribution of the Automobile Loan Contracts by Geographic Location of Obligor
as of the Cutoff Date
(1)
(1) For a
description of how the information presented in this table may differ from the asset-level data filed with the SEC on Form
ABS-EE,
see “
Depositor Review of Automobile Loan Contracts—Asset-Level
Data About the Automobile Loan Contracts.
”
(2) Percentages may not add to 100% because of rounding.
(3) States and Territories with aggregate principal balances less than $1,000,000 each.
58
Distribution of the Automobile Loan Contracts by Wholesale LTV
as of the Cutoff Date
(1)
Distribution of the Automobile Loan Contracts by Vehicle Make
as of the Cutoff Date
(1)
(1) For a description of how the information presented in this table may differ from the asset-level data filed with the SEC on Form
ABS-EE,
see “
Depositor Review of Automobile Loan Contracts—Asset-Level Data About the Automobile Loan Contracts.
”
(2) Percentages may not add to 100% because of rounding.
(3)
Vehicle makes with an aggregate principal balance of less than 1% of the aggregate principal balance of the pool.
59
Distribution of the Automobile Loan Contracts by Vehicle Model
as of the Cutoff Date
(1)
(1) For a description of how the information presented in this table may differ from the asset-level data filed with the SEC on Form
ABS-EE,
see “
Depositor Review of Automobile Loan Contracts—Asset-Level Data About the Automobile Loan Contracts.
”
(2) Percentages may not add to 100% because of rounding.
(3)
Vehicle models with an aggregate principal balance of less than 1.50% of the aggregate principal balance of the pool.
Distribution of
the Automobile Loan Contracts by Vehicle Segment
as of the Cutoff Date
(1)
(1) For a
description of how the information presented in this table may differ from the asset-level data filed with the SEC on Form
ABS-EE,
see “
Depositor Review of Automobile Loan Contracts—Asset-Level
Data About the Automobile Loan Contracts.
”
(2) Percentages may not add to 100% because of rounding.
60
Simple Interest Automobile Loan Contract
The obligor under each automobile loan contract is required to pay a specified total amount of payments, in substantially equal monthly
installments on each due date under the automobile loan contract. Each obligor’s total payment amount equals the amount financed plus interest charges for the related automobile loan contract’s entire term. The interest charges on the
automobile loan contracts are determined by the simple interest method.
Under a simple interest automobile loan contract, the amount of
an obligor’s fixed level installment payment which is allocated to interest is equal to the product of the fixed interest rate on the automobile loan contract (which is typically the APR) multiplied by the elapsed time period (which is
expressed as a fraction of a year) multiplied by the remaining principal balance after the preceding automobile loan contract payment. The remainder of the obligor’s payment amount is allocated to reduce the principal balance financed.
Accordingly, if an obligor pays a fixed monthly installment before its due date under a simple interest automobile loan contract, the portion of the payment allocable to interest for the period since the preceding payment will be less than it would
have been had the payment been made on the contractual due date and the portion of the payment applied to reduce the principal balance of the automobile loan contract will be correspondingly greater. Conversely, if an obligor pays a fixed monthly
installment under a simple interest automobile loan contract after its contractual due date, the portion of such payment allocable to interest for the period since the preceding payment will be greater than it would have been had the payment been
made when due and the portion of such payment applied to reduce the principal balance of the automobile loan contract will be correspondingly less, in which case a larger portion of the principal balance may be due on the final scheduled
distribution date.
Depositor Review of Automobile Loan Contracts
In connection with the offering of the publicly offered notes, the depositor has performed a review to determine the accuracy of the
disclosures made regarding the trust property, including the automobile loan contracts and the initial asset-level data, in order to provide reasonable assurance that the disclosure regarding the trust property is accurate in all material respects
under Rule 193 of the Securities Act. Based on the various aspects of the review that are described in greater detail below, the depositor has determined that it has reasonable assurance that all disclosure regarding the trust property that is
contained in this prospectus including the asset-level data is accurate in all material respects.
The depositor consulted with, and was
assisted by, responsible personnel of the sponsor in performing the review. In addition to internally conducted reviews, the depositor engaged a third party to assist in certain components of the review related to a sample of the automobile loan
contracts that are included in the trust property. The depositor determined the nature, extent and timing of the review and level of assistance provided by the third party. In addition, the depositor assumes the responsibility for the review and the
findings and conclusions of the review and attributes all findings and conclusions to itself. The review performed consisted of:
61
[TABLE:175]
62
[TABLE:178]
Asset-Level Data About the Automobile Loan Contracts
The depositor prepared asset-level data for the pool of automobile loan contracts and filed it with the SEC on Form
ABS-EE,
or an
“
asset-level data filing
”, on or prior to the date of the filing of this prospectus. The initial asset-level data filing is incorporated by reference into this
prospectus.
The asset-level data filing contains detailed information for each automobile loan contract about its identification,
origination, contract terms, financed vehicle, obligor, contract activity, servicing and status. The information presented in this prospectus about the pool of automobile loan contracts is based on calculations made as of the cutoff date. The
asset-level data presented in the initial asset-level data filing may have been calculated as of a different date. Further, certain characteristics of the automobile loan contracts are required to be calculated differently in the asset-level data
filing than how they are calculated in this prospectus. As a result, certain asset-level data presented in this prospectus, including, but not limited to, such data related to principal balances, APRs, original terms, remaining terms,
63
weighted averages, FICO
®
Auto Scores and geographic locations of obligors may not match the data presented in the initial asset-level data
filing due to those differences in how this data is calculated.
Investors should carefully review the asset-level data filing. The
depositor or the issuing entity will prepare updated
asset-level
data with respect to the pool of automobile loan contracts transferred to the issuing entity on a monthly basis and will file it with the SEC on
Form
ABS-EE.
For more details about the monthly
asset-level
data, you should read “
Description of the Transaction Documents—Statements to
Noteholders
.”
Repurchase Obligations
The sponsor and the depositor each will make representations and warranties regarding the automobile loan contracts pursuant to the purchase
agreement and the sale and servicing agreement, respectively. These representations and warranties pertain to specific aspects of the automobile loan contracts, including the manner in which the automobile loan contracts were originated; the
obligors of the automobile loan contracts; the accuracy and legality of the records, computer tapes and schedules containing information regarding the automobile loan contracts; the financed vehicles securing the automobile loan contracts; the
security interests in the automobile loan contracts granted to the depositor, issuing entity and the trust collateral agent; specific characteristics of the automobile loan contracts; and others. Upon the breach of certain of these representations
or warranties by the sponsor or the depositor that materially and adversely affects the noteholders’ interest in any automobile loan contract, each party’s repurchase obligation will be triggered under the applicable agreement. However,
the sponsor will not be required to repurchase an automobile loan contract due solely to the servicer not having received lien certificates that have been properly applied for from the applicable governmental authority in the applicable state for
such automobile loan contract.
Certain of the representations and warranties that the sponsor and the depositor will make about the
automobile loan contracts are subject to important qualifications or limitations, such as knowledge qualifiers, or relate to actions taken by a third party, such as the related dealer. Therefore, the sponsor and the depositor may not be able to
independently verify the facts underlying certain of the representations and warranties that they make with respect to the automobile loan contracts.
The servicer has covenanted to service the automobile loan contracts in accordance with the standards set forth in the sale and servicing
agreement. Those covenants include the servicer’s obligations (i) regarding the maintenance and safekeeping of the automobile loan contract files, (ii) to maintain the perfection created by each automobile loan contract in the
related financed vehicle, (iii) not to release the lien on any financed vehicle except in accordance with the sale and servicing agreement, (iv) not to create, or allow to be created, any lien on the automobile loan contracts other than
the liens created under the Transaction Documents and (v) not to modify any automobile loan contract (except in the manner and circumstances described under “
Description of the Transaction Documents—Modifications and Amendments
of Automobile Loan Contracts
”). If any of the foregoing covenants is breached and the breach is not cured, then the servicer will be obligated to repurchase each affected automobile loan contract from the issuing entity, but only if the
breach materially and adversely affects the noteholders’ interests in the affected automobile loan contract or related financed vehicle.
The servicer is also obligated under the sale and servicing agreement to ensure that lien certificates indicating its security interest in
each financed vehicle are obtained. However, the servicer will not be required to repurchase an automobile loan contract due solely to the servicer not having received lien certificates that have been properly applied for from the applicable
governmental authority in the applicable state for such automobile loan contract.
64
Yield and Prepayment Considerations
Prepayments can be made on any of the automobile loan contracts at any time. If prepayments are received on the automobile loan contracts,
their actual weighted average life may be shorter than their weighted average life would be if all payments were made as scheduled and no prepayments were made. Prepayments on the automobile loan contracts may include moneys received from
liquidations due to default and proceeds from credit life, credit disability, and casualty insurance policies. Weighted average life means the average amount of time during which any principal is outstanding on an automobile loan contract.
The rate of prepayments on the automobile loan contracts may be influenced by a variety of economic, social, and other factors, including the
fact that no obligor under an automobile loan contract may sell or transfer that automobile loan contract without the consent of the servicer. Any risk resulting from faster or slower prepayments of the automobile loan contracts will be borne solely
by the noteholders.
The rate of payment of principal of the notes will depend on the rate of payment, and the rate of prepayments, of
principal on the automobile loan contracts. It is possible that the final payment on any class of notes could occur significantly earlier than the date on which the final distribution for that class of notes is scheduled to be paid. Any risk
resulting from early payment of the notes will be borne solely by the noteholders.
The timing of changes in SOFR (or any alternative
benchmark adopted by the sponsor) may affect the actual yields on the notes. A decrease in SOFR (or any alternative benchmark adopted by the sponsor) will decrease the interest rate and the amount of interest payable on the Floating Rate Notes,
which may increase the amount of funds available to make payments of principal on the notes. If more funds are available to make payments of principal on the notes, then it is possible that the final payment on one or more classes of notes could
occur earlier than the date on which the final distribution for that class of notes is expected to be paid. Conversely, an increase in SOFR (or any alternative benchmark adopted by the sponsor) will increase the interest rate and the amount of
interest payable on the Floating Rate Notes, which may decrease the amount of funds available to make payments of principal on the notes. If less funds are available to make payments of principal on the notes, then it is possible that the final
payment on one or more classes of notes could occur later than the date on which the final distribution for that class of notes is expected to be paid. See “
Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Characteristics of the Notes—You may
suffer a loss due to the floating interest rate on the Floating Rate Notes if the applicable benchmark rate rises because the issuing entity will not enter into interest rate hedges.
” and “
Risk Factors—Risks Related to the
Characteristics of the Notes—Negative benchmark rates will reduce the rate of interest on the Class
A-2-B
Notes.
” Prospective
investors must make an independent decision as to the appropriate SOFR assumptions to be used in deciding whether to purchase a note.
Prepayments on automobile loan contracts can be measured against prepayment standards or models. The model used in this prospectus, the
Absolute Prepayment Model, or “
ABS
”, assumes a rate of prepayment each month which is related to the original number of automobile loan contracts in a pool of automobile loan contracts. ABS also assumes that all of the
automobile loan contracts in a pool are the same size, that all of those automobile loan contracts amortize at the same rate, and that for every month that any individual automobile loan contract is outstanding, payments on that particular
automobile loan contract will either be made as scheduled or the automobile loan contract will be prepaid in full. For example, in a pool of automobile loan contracts originally containing 10,000 automobile loan contracts, if a 1% ABS were used,
that would mean that 100 automobile loan contracts would prepay in full each month. The percentage of prepayments that is assumed for ABS is not a historical description of prepayment experience on pools of automobile loan contracts or a prediction
of the anticipated rate of prepayment on either the pool of automobile loan contracts involved in this transaction or on any pool of automobile loan contracts. It should not be assumed that the actual rate of prepayments on the automobile
65
loan contracts will be in any way related to the percentage of prepayments that are assumed for ABS in this prospectus.
The tables below which are captioned “
Percent of Aggregate Initial Principal Amount at Various ABS Percentages
” are based
on ABS and were prepared using the following assumptions:
[TABLE:180]
[TABLE:181]
[TABLE:182]
[TABLE:183]
[TABLE:184]
[TABLE:185]
[TABLE:186]
[TABLE:191]
[TABLE:192]
[TABLE:193]
66
The Yield Supplement Overcollateralization Amount schedule set forth below is utilized to
calculate the weighted average lives and percentages of original principal amounts at various ABS percentages in the tables below. The actual Yield Supplement Overcollateralization Amount may differ depending on the actual automobile loan contracts
included in the pool of automobile loan contracts and the actual prepayments and losses on those automobile loan contracts with an annual percentage rate less than the Required Rate. For purposes of the Yield Supplement Overcollateralization Amount
schedule set forth below, the Required Rate is assumed to be 6.40% with respect to the cutoff date and any distribution date on or prior to the date on which the
Class A-2-B
Notes are paid in full, and 5.40% with respect to any distribution date occurring after the date on which the
Class A-2-B
Notes are paid in full.
67
68
69
The following tables were created relying on the assumptions listed above. The tables below
indicate the percentages of the initial principal amount of each class of publicly offered notes that would be outstanding after each of the listed distribution dates if certain percentages of ABS are assumed. The tables below also indicate the
corresponding weighted average lives of each class of publicly offered notes if the same percentages of ABS are assumed. The assumptions used to construct the tables are hypothetical and have been provided only to give a general sense of how the
principal cashflows might behave under various prepayment scenarios. The actual characteristics and performance of the automobile loan contracts will differ from the assumptions used to construct the tables. For example, it is very unlikely that the
automobile loan contracts will prepay at a constant level of ABS each monthly period until maturity or that each of the automobile loan contracts will prepay at the same level of ABS. Moreover, the automobile loan contracts have diverse terms and
that fact alone could produce slower or faster principal distributions than indicated in the tables at the various constant percentages of ABS, even if the original and remaining terms to maturity of the automobile loan contracts are as assumed. Any
difference between the assumptions used to construct the tables and the actual characteristics and performance of the automobile loan contracts, including actual prepayment experience or losses, will affect the percentages of initial balances
outstanding on any given date and the weighted average lives of each class of publicly offered notes.
The percentages in the tables have
been rounded to two decimal places. As used in the tables which follow, the “
weighted average life
” of a class of publicly offered notes is determined by:
70
Percent of Aggregate Initial Principal Amount at Various ABS Percentages
71
Percent of Aggregate Initial Principal Amount at Various ABS Percentages
72
Percent of Aggregate Initial Principal Amount at Various ABS Percentages
73
Percent of Aggregate Initial Principal Amount at Various ABS Percentages
74
Percent of Aggregate Initial Principal Amount at Various ABS Percentages
75
Percent of Aggregate Initial Principal Amount at Various ABS Percentages
76
Delinquency and Loan Loss Information
The following tables provide information relating to the sponsor’s total North American portfolio delinquency and loan loss experience
for each period indicated with respect to all automobile loan contracts the sponsor has originated or purchased and serviced. This information includes the experience with respect to all automobile loan contracts in the sponsor’s portfolio of
automobile loan contracts serviced during each listed period, including automobile loan contracts that do not meet the criteria for inclusion in, or were otherwise excluded from, this securitization. Because the following tables include the
sponsor’s entire portfolio of automobile loan contracts, including automobile loan contracts of types that are not included in this securitization, these tables may not be reflective of the actual performance of this securitization, which
includes predominantly prime automobile loan contracts, all of which were originated in the United States.
The sponsor’s net credit
losses as an annualized percentage of average automobile loan contracts outstanding may vary from period to period based upon the overall credit mix, the average credit scores in the portfolio (which reflects the sponsor’s underwriting
strategies and risk tolerance), the average age or seasoning of the portfolio, and economic factors. Delinquency percentages, as reflected in the following delinquency experience table, are subject to periodic fluctuation based on the credit mix,
the average credit scores in the portfolio which reflects the sponsor’s underwriting strategies and risk tolerance, average age or seasoning of the portfolio, seasonality within the calendar year and economic factors. Subprime automobile loan
contracts will typically have a relatively high percentage of accounts that become delinquent at some point in the life of the automobile loan contract. Furthermore, subprime automobile loan contracts typically demonstrate a relatively high rate of
account movement between current and delinquent status.
The sponsor’s policy is to charge off an account in the month in which the
account becomes 120 days contractually delinquent if it has not repossessed the related vehicle. The sponsor charges off accounts in repossession when the automobile is repossessed and is legally available for disposition. A
charge-off
generally represents the difference between the estimated net sales proceeds and the outstanding principal balance of the delinquent automobile loan contract, including accrued interest.
During periods of economic slowdown or recession, delinquencies, defaults, repossessions and losses generally increase. These periods also may
be accompanied by increased unemployment rates, decreased consumer demand for automobiles and declining values of automobiles securing outstanding automobile loan contracts, which weakens collateral coverage and increases the amount of a loss in the
event of default. Significant increases in the inventory of used automobiles during periods of economic slowdown or recession may also depress the prices at which repossessed automobiles may be sold or delay the timing of these sales. Additionally,
higher gasoline prices, unstable real estate values, declining stock market values, increasing unemployment levels, declining availability of consumer credit or other factors that impact consumer confidence or disposable income could increase loss
frequency and decrease consumer demand for automobiles as well as weaken collateral values on certain types of vehicles. Because this securitization includes loans to prime borrowers, the actual rates of delinquencies, defaults, repossessions and
losses on these automobile loan contracts may be lower than those experienced in the general automobile finance industry, including the sponsor’s total portfolio, and may be less impacted during an economic downturn.
The following tables reflect the sponsor’s entire North American portfolio of automobile loan contracts, including subprime automobile
loan contracts, therefore, the levels of delinquency and loss experience reflected in the following tables may not be indicative of the performance of the automobile loan contracts owned by the issuing entity. For information about prime automobile
loan contracts previously securitized by GM Financial, refer to Annex A of this prospectus.
77
Delinquency Experience
(dollars in thousands)
(3)
Bankrupt accounts which have not yet been
charged-off
are included as delinquent accounts in the table
below.
Loan Loss Experience
(dollars in thousands)
78
Description of the Notes
General
The issuing entity will
issue the notes under an indenture, a form of which has been filed as an exhibit to the registration statement. The following summary describes material terms of the notes and the indenture. The summary does not purport to be complete and is subject
to all the provisions of the notes and the indenture.
The issuing entity will offer the publicly offered notes in minimum denominations
of $1,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in
book-entry
form only (except for one note of each class which may be issued in a denomination other than an integral multiple of $1,000). Persons acquiring
beneficial interests in the publicly offered notes will hold their interests through The Depository Trust Company, or “
DTC
”, in the United States or through Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, or
“
Clearstream
”, in Europe. See “
— Book
-Entry
Registration
” and Annex B for further information about holding book-entry notes.
Distribution Dates
On each
distribution date, distributions on the notes will be made by the trust collateral agent to the persons who are registered as noteholders at the close of business on the related record date, which is the business day immediately preceding the
distribution date. All distributions will be made in immediately available funds, by wire transfer or otherwise, to the account of the related noteholder. The final distribution upon retirement of any note will be made only upon presentation and
surrender of such note at the office or agency of the trust collateral agent specified in the notice to noteholders of the final distribution.
While the sponsor is the servicer, payments on the notes will be made on the sixteenth day of each month or, if the sixteenth day is not a
business day, on the next following business day. The first distribution date will be May 18, 2026. If a successor servicer becomes the servicer, the distribution date may be a different day of the month.
A business day is a day other than a Saturday, Sunday, or any other day on which commercial banks located in Texas, Delaware or New York or
the location in which the corporate trust office of either the trustee under the indenture or the owner trustee under the trust agreement are authorized or obligated to be closed.
The final scheduled distribution dates are as follows:
[TABLE:214]
[TABLE:215]
[TABLE:216]
[TABLE:217]
[TABLE:218]
[TABLE:219]
[TABLE:220]
Payments of Interest
Interest on
each class of notes will accrue during each interest period at the applicable interest rate from and including the immediately preceding distribution date—or, in the case of the first
79
distribution date, from and including the closing date—to but excluding the following distribution date. Interest on the
Class A-1
Notes and the
Class A-2-B
Notes will be calculated on the basis of a
360-day
year and the actual number of days elapsed in the applicable
interest period. Interest on the
Class A-2-A
Notes, the
Class A-3
Notes, the
Class A-4
Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes will be calculated on the basis of a
360-day
year consisting of twelve
30-day
months. The interest period for the
Class A-2-A
Notes, the
Class A-3
Notes,
the
Class A-4
Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes will not be adjusted based on the actual number of days during the interest period. The interest accruing during an interest period
will accrue on each class’s outstanding principal amount as of the end of the prior distribution date, or, in the case of the first distribution date, as of the closing date.
For any distribution date, interest due but not paid on that distribution date will be due on the next distribution date. To the extent
permitted by law, interest at the applicable interest rate on that unpaid amount will be due on the next distribution date.
Interest on
the
Class A-2-B
Notes will accrue at a rate per annum initially equal to the sum of
30-day
average SOFR + __%.
For any distribution date, the trust collateral agent will pay interest on the notes from the note distribution account after paying accrued
and unpaid fees to the servicer, accrued and unpaid fees, expenses and indemnities of the trustees and trust collateral agent, accrued and unpaid fees, expenses and indemnities to the asset representations reviewer and the issuing entity’s
other administrative fees, which, prior to the occurrence of an event of default, will be subject to the caps set forth in the sale and servicing agreement. See “
Description of the Transaction Documents — Distributions
—Distribution Date Payments
” in this prospectus.
Determination of SOFR
Interest on the Floating Rate Notes will accrue at a floating rate based on a benchmark rate, which initially will be based on the secured
overnight financing rate, or “
SOFR
,” published by the FRBNY. The initial benchmark rate will be
“30-day
average SOFR,” which for any determination date is the average of
the daily SOFR for the preceding 30 calendar days, compounded daily on business days. Pursuant to the sale and servicing agreement, while the
Class A-2-B
Notes are
outstanding, the trust collateral agent will determine
30-day
average SOFR for each interest period by referring to a published source of the rate specified in the sale and servicing agreement. The trust
collateral agent will determine
30-day
average SOFR for each interest period on the second SOFR business day prior to the first day of that interest period, the “
SOFR Determination
Date
.” If a published
30-day
average SOFR rate is unavailable on a SOFR Determination Date (including due to the discontinuance of SOFR), the rate used to calculate interest on the Floating Rate
Notes will be
30-day
average SOFR for the first preceding SOFR Determination Date for which such rate was published on the FRBNY’s website under
“30-day
average (%)” and that rate will remain in effect until (i) the next succeeding SOFR Determination Date on which
30-day
average SOFR can be calculated, if any, or (ii) the sponsor adopts an
alternative benchmark rate that aligns with the current market practice for other similar asset-backed floating rate notes. The trust collateral agent will have no duty, responsibility or obligation to determine any such alternative benchmark rate
or any liability in connection therewith. For purposes of calculating
30-day
average SOFR, a “
SOFR business day
” means a business day determined in accordance with the SOFR
publication calendar of the FRBNY. All determinations of
30-day
average SOFR by the trust collateral agent, in the absence of manifest error, will be conclusive and binding on the noteholders. The owner
trustee will not have any obligation to determine SOFR,
30-day
average SOFR, any SOFR Determination Date, or any SOFR business day and will have no liability for any such determinations made by the trust
collateral agent and will have no obligation to determine any alternative benchmark rate adopted by the sponsor. In addition, any alternative benchmark rate adopted by the sponsor as described above will be conclusive and binding absent manifest
error and will be made in the sponsor’s sole discretion and will become effective without the consent of any other person (including any noteholder). The holders of notes will not have any right to approve or disapprove such election by the
sponsor and will be deemed to have waived and released any and all claims against any transaction party relating to any such election by the sponsor.
80
Payments of Principal
On each distribution date, payments of principal will be distributed to the noteholders in an amount generally equal to the excess, if any, of
(i) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the notes (before giving effect to any principal payments made on such distribution date) over (ii) the Adjusted Pool Balance less the overcollateralization target amount for that
distribution date. Payments of interest on the notes will generally be made prior to payments of principal. For additional information, see “
Description of the Transaction Documents— Distributions— Distribution Date
Payments
.”
On each distribution date, once the reserve account is fully funded, Available Funds (as defined in the Glossary)
that remain following payment of all amounts pursuant to clauses 1 through 8 under “
Description of the Transaction Documents—Distributions—Distribution Date Payments
” will be available to be paid as the
Noteholders’ Principal Distributable Amount and will be paid sequentially to the outstanding classes of notes as payments of principal. These amounts will be paid under clause 10 as set forth under “
Description of the Transaction
Documents—Distributions—Distribution Date Payments.
”
The classes of notes are “sequential pay” classes.
The
Class A-2-A
Notes and the
Class A-2-B
Notes will constitute a single class
and have equal rights to payments of principal and interest, which will be made on a pro rata basis based on the outstanding principal amounts of the
Class A-2-A
Notes and the
Class A-2-B
Notes, respectively. On each distribution date, all amounts allocated to the payment of principal as described in clauses 4, 6, 8 and 10
under “
Description of the Transaction Documents— Distributions—Distribution Date Payments
” other than any distribution date when the priorities set forth under “
Description of the Transaction Documents —
Distributions —Distribution Date Payment Priorities Will Change After Certain Events
” are applicable, will be aggregated and will be paid out in the following order:
[TABLE:221]
[TABLE:222]
[TABLE:223]
[TABLE:224]
[TABLE:225]
[TABLE:226]
In addition, any outstanding principal amount of any class of notes that has not been previously paid will be payable on the final scheduled
distribution date for that class. The actual date on which the aggregate outstanding principal amount of any class of notes is paid may be earlier than the final scheduled distribution date for that class, depending on a variety of factors.
Termination and Optional Redemption
The obligations of the servicer, the sponsor, the trust collateral agent and the trustee will terminate upon the earlier to occur of:
81
On any distribution date on which the Pool Balance (measured as of the last day of the
related collection period) has declined to 10% or less of the aggregate principal balance of the automobile loan contracts as of the cutoff date, any notes that are still outstanding may be redeemed in whole, but not in part. This redemption will
cause the early retirement of the redeemed notes. The redemption price will equal the unpaid principal amount of the notes being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest. Notice of any such redemption will be given by the servicer or the issuing
entity to the engaged NRSROs and to the trustee. Such notice shall be provided to the trustee no later than 25 days prior to the planned redemption date and the trustee shall forward such notice of such redemption date to the noteholders prior to
the redemption date.
Events of Default
The occurrence and continuance of any of the following events, subject to any applicable cure period, will constitute an “
event of
default
”
under the indenture:
[TABLE:231]
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a delay in or failure of performance referred to under the first three
bullet points above was caused by a Force Majeure Event (as certified to in an officer’s certificate of the issuing entity), then the applicable cure periods described in those bullet points will be extended by an additional 10 days; provided,
that if there is no cure period, then such cure period will be 10 days.
If an event of default has occurred and is continuing, the
trustee in its discretion may, or if so requested in writing by the Majority Noteholders shall, declare by written notice to the issuing entity that the notes become immediately due and payable at par, together with accrued interest. Prior to the
declaration of the acceleration of the maturity of the notes, the Majority Noteholders may waive any event of default or unmatured event of default and its consequences except a default (a) in the payment of principal of or interest on any of
the notes or (b) in respect of a covenant or provision which cannot be modified or amended without the consent of the holder of each note.
Upon the occurrence of an event of default, the trustee will have the right, but not the obligation, to exercise remedies or, under certain
conditions, cause the trust collateral agent to liquidate the trust property in whole or in part, on any date or dates following the event of default. The trustee may not cause the liquidation of the trust property unless (i) the event of
default is a default in the payment of principal of or interest on any of the notes or (ii) either (a) noteholders representing 100% of the
82
aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding notes consent thereto, or (b) the proceeds of such sale or liquidation distributable to the noteholders will be sufficient to discharge in full
all amounts then due and unpaid on such notes for principal and interest or (c) the trust property will not continue to provide sufficient funds for the payment of principal of and interest on the notes and they would have become due if the
notes had not been accelerated and the trustee provides written notice to the issuing entity (who shall deliver such notice to the engaged NRSROs) and obtains the consent of noteholders representing at least
66-2/3%
of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Outstanding notes. The trustee may use an investment bank or accounting firm of national reputation, at the expense of the issuing entity, to make
the above determinations and shall be entitled to conclusively rely, with no liability, on such investment bank’s or accounting firm’s determination.
Book-Entry Registration
Upon
issuance, the notes will be available only in book-entry form. Investors in the notes may hold their notes through DTC, in the United States, or Clearstream in Europe, which in turn hold through DTC, if they are participants of those systems, or
indirectly through organizations that are participants in those systems. The notes will be issued as fully-registered notes registered in the name of Cede & Co. (DTC’s partnership nominee), or such other name as may be requested by an
authorized representative of DTC. One fully-registered definitive note will be issued for each class of notes, each in the aggregate principal amount of such issue, and will be deposited with DTC. If, however, the aggregate principal amount of any
class exceeds $500,000,000, one definitive note will be issued with respect to each $500,000,000 of principal amount, and an additional definitive note will be issued with respect to any remaining principal amount of such class.
The notes will be tradable as home market instruments in both the European and U.S. domestic markets. Initial settlement and all secondary
trades will settle in
same-day
funds. Secondary market trading between investors through Clearstream will be conducted in the ordinary way in accordance with the normal rules and operating procedures of
Clearstream and in accordance with conventional eurobond practice, which is seven calendar day settlement. Secondary market trading between investors through DTC will be conducted according to DTC’s rules and procedures applicable to U.S.
corporate debt obligations. Secondary cross-market trading between Clearstream and DTC participants holding notes will be effected on a delivery-against-payment basis through the depositary of Clearstream and as DTC participants.
Non-U.S.
holders of global securities will be subject to U.S. withholding taxes unless the holders
meet a number of requirements and deliver appropriate U.S. tax documents to the notes clearing organizations or their participants.
DTC
facilitates the post-trade settlement among direct participants of sales and other securities transactions in deposited notes, through electronic computerized book-entry transfers and pledges between DTC participants’ accounts. This eliminates
the need for physical movement of definitive notes. DTC participants include both U.S. and
non-U.S.
securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations, and certain other
organizations. Access to the DTC system is also available to others such as both U.S. and
non-U.S.
securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, and clearing corporations that clear through or
maintain a custodial relationship with a DTC participant, either directly or indirectly. The DTC Rules applicable to its participants are on file with the SEC. More information about DTC can be found at
www.dtcc.com
.
Purchases of notes under the DTC system must be made by or through direct participants, which will receive a credit for the notes on
DTC’s records. The ownership interest of each actual purchaser of each note, or a “beneficial owner,” is in turn to be recorded on the DTC direct and indirect participants’ records. Beneficial owners will not receive written
confirmation from DTC of their purchase. Beneficial owners are, however, expected to receive written confirmations providing details of the transaction, as well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the participant through which the
beneficial owner entered into the transaction. Transfers of ownership interests in the notes are to be accomplished by
83
entries made on the books of participants acting on behalf of beneficial owners. Beneficial owners will not receive definitive notes representing their ownership interests in notes, except in the
event that use of the book-entry system for the notes is discontinued.
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all notes deposited by DTC
participants with DTC are registered in the name of DTC’s partnership nominee, Cede & Co., or such other name as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC. The deposit of notes with DTC and their registration in the name
of Cede & Co., or such other DTC nominee, do not effect any change in beneficial ownership. DTC has no knowledge of the actual beneficial owners of the notes; DTC’s records reflect only the identity of the DTC participants to whose
accounts such notes are credited, which may or may not be the beneficial owners. The participants will remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their customers.
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to DTC participants, by direct participants to indirect participants, and by direct
participants and indirect participants to beneficial owners will be governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. Beneficial owners of notes may wish to take certain
steps to augment the transmission to them of notices of significant events with respect to the notes, such as redemptions, renders, defaults, and proposed amendments to the Transaction Documents. For example, beneficial owners of notes may wish to
ascertain that the nominee holding the notes for their benefit has agreed to obtain and transmit notices to beneficial owners. In the alternative, beneficial owners may wish to provide their names and addresses to the registrar and request that
copies of notices be provided directly to them.
Redemption notices will be sent to DTC. If less than all of the notes within a class are
being redeemed, DTC’s practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each direct participant in such class to be redeemed.
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. (nor any other DTC nominee) will consent or vote with respect to notes unless authorized by a DTC
participant in accordance with DTC’s procedures. Under its usual procedures, DTC mails an omnibus proxy to the related issuing entity as soon as possible after the record date. The omnibus proxy assigns Cede & Co.’s consenting
or voting rights to those direct participants to whose accounts notes are credited on the record date (identified in a listing attached to the omnibus proxy).
Redemption proceeds and payments on the notes will be made to Cede & Co., or such other nominee as may be requested by an authorized
representative of DTC. DTC’s practice is to credit DTC participants’ accounts upon DTC’s receipt of funds and corresponding detail information from the issuing entity or its agent, on the payable date in accordance with their
respective holdings shown on DTC’s records. Payments by participants to beneficial owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with notes held for the accounts of customers in bearer form or
registered in “street name,” and will be the responsibility of such participant and not of DTC nor its nominee, or the issuing entity, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. Payment of
redemption proceeds and payments to Cede & Co. (or such other nominee as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC) is the responsibility of the issuing entity, disbursement of such payments to DTC participants will be the
responsibility of DTC, and disbursements of such payments to the beneficial owners will be the responsibility of participants.
A
beneficial owner shall give notice to elect to have its notes purchased or sold, through its participant and shall effect delivery of such notes by causing the DTC participant to transfer the participant’s interest in the notes, on DTC’s
records. The requirement for physical delivery of the notes in connection with a sale will be deemed satisfied when the ownership rights in the notes are transferred by DTC participants on DTC’s records and followed by a book-entry credit of
sold notes to the purchaser’s account.
84
Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg, formerly Cedelbank, or
“
Clearstream, Luxembourg
”, is incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg. Clearstream, Luxembourg holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance and settlement of securities transactions between
Clearstream, Luxembourg customers through electronic book-entry changes in accounts of Clearstream, Luxembourg customers, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of definitive securities. Transactions may be settled by Clearstream,
Luxembourg in a number of currencies, including U.S. Dollars. Clearstream, Luxembourg provides to its customers, among other things, services for safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and
securities lending and borrowing. Clearstream, Luxembourg also deals with 45 domestic securities markets around the globe through established depository and custodial relationships. Clearstream, Luxembourg is registered as a bank in Luxembourg, and
as such is subject to regulation by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier, ‘CSSF’, which supervises Luxembourg banks. Clearstream, Luxembourg’s customers are worldwide financial institutions, including underwriters,
securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Clearstream, Luxembourg’s U.S. customers are limited to securities brokers and dealers and banks. Currently, Clearstream, Luxembourg has over 2,500 customers
located across 110 countries, including all major European countries, Canada and the United States. Indirect access to Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a
Clearstream, Luxembourg participant.
Definitive Notes
The notes will be issued in fully registered, certificated form, commonly called “definitive notes,” to the noteholders or their
nominees, rather than to DTC or its nominee, only if:
[TABLE:234]
Upon the occurrence of any event described in the immediately preceding paragraph, the trustee will notify all affected noteholders through
participants of the availability of definitive notes. Upon surrender by DTC of its notes and receipt of instructions for
re-registration,
the trustee will reissue the notes as definitive notes.
Distributions of principal of, and interest on, the notes will then be made by the trust collateral agent in accordance with the procedures
set forth in the indenture directly to holders of definitive notes in whose names the definitive notes were registered at the close of business on the applicable record date. Distributions will be made by check mailed to the address of the
noteholder as it appears on the register maintained by the trust collateral agent. The final payment on any note, however, will be made only upon presentation and surrender of the note at the office or agency specified in the notice of final
distribution.
Definitive notes will be transferable and exchangeable at the offices of the trust collateral agent. No service charge will
be imposed for any registration of transfer or exchange, but the trust collateral agent may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge imposed in connection therewith.
85
Description of the Transaction Documents
The following summary describes material terms of the purchase agreement, the sale and servicing agreement, the indenture, the asset
representations review agreement and the trust agreement. The depositor has filed forms of these Transaction Documents as exhibits to the registration statement. On or prior to the filing of the final prospectus, the issuing entity will also file
versions of these Transaction Documents setting forth their final material terms on a Form
8-K
under the commission file number that will be established for the issuing entity. This summary does not claim to
be complete and is subject to all the provisions of the Transaction Documents.
Sale and Assignment of the Automobile Loan Contracts
On or prior to the closing date, the sponsor will enter into a purchase agreement with the depositor pursuant to which the sponsor will sell
and assign to the depositor, without recourse, its entire interest in and to the automobile loan contracts. Under the purchase agreement, the sponsor will also sell and assign to the depositor, without recourse, its security interest in the financed
vehicles securing the related automobile loan contracts and its rights to receive all payments on, or proceeds from, the related automobile loan contracts to the extent paid or payable after the cutoff date. Each automobile loan contract transferred
by the sponsor to the depositor will be identified in an automobile loan contract schedule appearing as an exhibit to the purchase agreement.
On or prior to the closing date, the depositor will enter into a sale and servicing agreement with the issuing entity pursuant to which the
depositor will sell and assign to the issuing entity, without recourse, its entire interest in and to the automobile loan contracts. Under the sale and servicing agreement, the depositor will also sell and assign to the issuing entity, without
recourse, its security interest in the financed vehicles securing the related automobile loan contracts and its rights to receive all payments on, or proceeds from, the related automobile loan contracts to the extent paid or payable after the cutoff
date. Each automobile loan contract transferred by the depositor to the issuing entity will be identified in an automobile loan contract schedule appearing as an exhibit to the sale and servicing agreement.
Under the purchase agreement, the sponsor will agree that, upon the breach of any representation or warranty that triggers the
depositor’s repurchase obligation with respect to any automobile loan contract, the issuing entity will be entitled to require the sponsor to repurchase the affected automobile loan contract directly from the issuing entity. The issuing
entity’s rights under the purchase agreement will constitute part of the issuing entity’s property and may be enforced directly by the issuing entity. In addition, the issuing entity will pledge those rights to the trust collateral agent
as collateral for the notes and the trust collateral agent may directly enforce those rights.
The servicer may direct the issuing entity
to sell automobile loan contracts that are more than 60 days delinquent to a third party that is unaffiliated with the servicer, the sponsor, the depositor or the issuing entity. Delinquent automobile loan contracts may be sold only if the sale
proceeds received are at least equal to certain minimum sale proceeds set forth in the sale and servicing agreement. In no event may more than 20% of the initial number of automobile loan contracts in the pool as of the cutoff date be sold by the
issuing entity in this manner.
Accounts
The trust collateral agent will establish and maintain a collection account in its own name, on the noteholders’ behalf. The servicer
will deposit all obligor payments received on the automobile loan contracts after the cutoff date in the collection account within two business days of receipt or as otherwise set forth in the sale and servicing agreement. The collection account
will be maintained with the trust collateral agent so long as the trust collateral agent’s deposits have a rating acceptable to the engaged NRSROs. If the deposits of the trust collateral agent or its corporate parent no longer have an
acceptable
86
rating, the servicer shall, with the trust collateral agent’s assistance if necessary, transfer the collection account within 30 days to a bank whose deposits have the proper rating.
The trust collateral agent will establish and maintain a note distribution account in its own name, on the noteholders’ behalf. Amounts
that are released from the collection account for distribution to noteholders will be deposited to the note distribution account and all distributions to the noteholders will be made from the note distribution account.
The trust collateral agent will establish and maintain a reserve account in its own name, on the noteholders’ behalf. Amounts may be
released from the reserve account in the manner set forth under “
—Credit Enhancement—Reserve Account.
”
Funds on deposit in the collection account, the reserve account and the note distribution account will be invested by the trust collateral
agent (or any custodian with respect to funds on deposit in such account) in eligible investments selected in writing by the servicer (pursuant to standing instructions or otherwise). To the extent no such eligible investment is so selected in
writing by the servicer, the funds in these accounts will be held uninvested.
“
Eligible investments
” are
limited to investments acceptable to the engaged NRSROs as being consistent with the ratings of the notes. Eligible investments may include securities issued by the sponsor, the servicer or their respective affiliates or other issuing entities
created by the sponsor or its affiliates. Other than as permitted by the engaged NRSROs, eligible investments are limited to obligations or securities that mature no later than the business day immediately preceding a distribution date. The trust
collateral agent will deposit investment earnings on funds in the trust accounts, net of losses and investment expenses, in the collection account on each distribution date.
All accounts will be eligible deposit accounts. An “
eligible deposit account
” is a segregated trust account with the
corporate trust department of a depository institution organized under the laws of the United States of America or any one of the states or the District of Columbia, or any domestic branch of a foreign bank, having corporate trust powers and acting
as trustee for funds deposited in the account, so long as such depository institution has a credit rating acceptable to the engaged NRSROs. In addition, the depository institution’s deposits must be insured by the FDIC.
Servicing Compensation
Under the
sale and servicing agreement, the servicer will receive a servicing fee on each distribution date. For so long as the sponsor is the servicer, the servicing fee on each distribution date will equal 1.00% times the Aggregate Principal Balance of the
automobile loan contracts (but excluding any automobile loan contract that, prior to the end of the last day of the related collection period related to a liquidated or repurchased vehicle) as of the opening of business on the first day of the
related collection period (or in the case of the first distribution date, as of the opening of business on March 10, 2026) times
one-twelfth
(or in the case of the first distribution date, a fraction
equal to the number of days from and including March 10, 2026 through and including April 30, 2026, over 360). For so long as any successor servicer is the servicer, the servicing fee may be greater than the servicing fee that the sponsor
is entitled to receive as the servicer.
In addition to the servicing fee, the servicer will retain any late fees, prepayment charges and
other administrative fees or similar charges allowed by applicable law (but excluding any fees or expenses related to extensions) with respect to the automobile loan contracts as supplemental servicing fees, and will be entitled to reimbursement
from the issuing entity for various expenses. The servicer will allocate obligor payments to scheduled payments due from obligors, late fees and other charges, and principal and interest in accordance with the servicer’s normal practices and
procedures.
87
The servicing fee will compensate the servicer for performing the functions of a third-party
servicer of automobile loan contracts as an agent for their beneficial owner. These servicer functions will include:
The servicer will also be reimbursed for repossession and recovery fees and costs associated with maintaining bank accounts that are necessary
to service the automobile loan contracts.
The servicer is permitted to delegate its duties under any Transaction Document to which it is
a party with respect to the servicing of and collections on certain automobile loan contracts to an affiliate of the servicer, a third-party subservicer or a
sub-contractor
without first obtaining the consent
of any person. The fees and expenses of any third-party subservicer or
sub-contractor
will be as agreed between the servicer and such third-party subservicer or
sub-contractor,
as applicable, and none of the trustee, the trust collateral agent, the owner trustee, the issuing entity or the noteholders will have any responsibility for those fees and expenses. No
delegation by the servicer of any of its duties under any Transaction Document shall relieve the servicer of its responsibility with respect to such duties.
Distributions
Servicer’s Certificates
On each determination date, the servicer will deliver the servicer’s certificate to the trustee, the owner trustee and the
trust collateral agent. The servicer will also deliver the servicer’s certificate to each engaged NRSRO on the same date the servicer’s certificate is publicly available; however, if such servicer’s certificate is not made publicly
available, the servicer will deliver it to each engaged NRSRO, no later than the twenty-fifth day of each month (or if not a business day, the next succeeding business day). The servicer’s certificate will specify, among other things:
88
The “
determination
date
” with respect to collections received during a calendar month is the second business day prior to the related distribution date in the next calendar month.
Distribution Date Payments
Except as
set forth under “
—Distribution Date Payment Priorities
Will Change After Certain Events,
” on or prior to each distribution date, the servicer will instruct the trust collateral agent to make the following
distributions on such distribution date from Available Funds and the amounts withdrawn from the reserve account in the following order of priority:
[TABLE:251]
[TABLE:252]
[TABLE:253]
[TABLE:254]
[TABLE:255]
[TABLE:256]
[TABLE:257]
[TABLE:258]
[TABLE:259]
89
[TABLE:260]
[TABLE:261]
[TABLE:262]
Amounts that would remain on deposit in the reserve account on any distribution date (after giving effect to any deposits thereto or
withdrawals therefrom to be made on such distribution date) that are in excess of the lesser of (i) an amount determined by the sponsor prior to the closing date; provided, that such amount is not less than 0.25% of the Adjusted Pool Balance as
of the cutoff date (or such other amount as otherwise set forth in the sale and servicing agreement) and (ii) the aggregate principal amount of the notes after giving effect to all payments on that distribution date will be added to Available
Funds and distributed in accordance with the priorities set forth above. The reserve account balance on any distribution date will not in any event be greater than the aggregate principal amount of the notes on that distribution date after giving
effect to all payments on that distribution date.
Distribution Date Payment Priorities Will Change After Certain Events
Amounts collected (i) following the occurrence of an event of default (other than an event of default related to a breach of a covenant
or a representation and warranty), (ii) following the acceleration of the notes or (iii) upon the full or partial liquidation of the trust assets will not be distributed in accordance with the priorities set forth under “
—
Distribution Date Payments
” but, such amounts and all amounts on deposit in the reserve account will instead be distributed in accordance with the following order of priority:
[TABLE:263]
[TABLE:264]
[TABLE:265]
[TABLE:266]
[TABLE:267]
[TABLE:268]
[TABLE:269]
[TABLE:270]
90
Fees and Expenses
The following table provides an itemized list of the fees and expenses that will be paid on each distribution date from the Available Funds in
order of priority as set forth under “
—Distributions—Distribution Date Payments
” and “
—Distribution Date Payment Priorities
Will Change After Certain Events
” in this prospectus to the
extent not previously paid by the servicer. The fees described below do not change upon an event of default.
The expenses of the servicer will be reimbursed as set forth under “
—Servicing
Compensation.
”
Statements to Noteholders
On or prior to each distribution date, the trust collateral agent will make available a statement to the noteholders detailing information
required under the Transaction Documents. These statements will be based solely on the information in the related servicer’s certificate. Each servicer’s certificate that the servicer provides to the trust collateral agent will be filed
as an exhibit to a Form
10-D
filed by the issuing
91
entity and will include at least the following information regarding the notes on the related distribution date to the extent such information has been received from the servicer:
The noteholders will not receive a separate notification when changes are made to the automobile loan contract pool,
such as when automobile loan contracts are removed from the automobile loan contract pool pursuant to the provisions of the Transaction Documents providing for the sale of certain automobile loan contracts or the repurchase of automobile loan
contracts upon breaches of representations or warranties. However, filings detailing the automobile loan contract pool composition will be filed periodically on Form
10-D
under the Commission file number
333-275606-09
as required by Regulation AB.
Unless and until
definitive notes are issued, the trustee will send these reports to Cede & Co., as registered holder of the publicly offered notes and the nominee of DTC on the issuing entity’s behalf.
The trust collateral agent will make available each month to each noteholder the above information (and certain other documents, reports and
information regarding the automobile loan contracts provided by the servicer from time to time) via the trust collateral agent’s internet website with the use of a password provided by the trustee. The trust collateral agent’s internet
website will be located at https://getinvestorreporting.bnymellon.com or at such other address as the trust collateral agent shall notify the noteholders from time to time. For assistance with regard to this service, you can call the trust
collateral agent’s website assistance line at (800)
332-4550.
After the end of each
calendar year, within the required time period, the trustee will furnish to each person who at any time during the calendar year was a noteholder that requests it in writing a statement as to the aggregate amounts of interest and principal paid to
the noteholder and any other information as the trustee deems necessary to enable the noteholder to prepare its tax returns.
92
Compliance Statements
The sale and servicing agreement provides for the delivery of an annual statement, on or before March 31 of each calendar year, signed by
an officer of the servicer to the effect that the servicer has fulfilled its obligations under the sale and servicing agreement in all material respects throughout the preceding calendar year, except as specified in the statement, to the trustee,
the owner trustee, the trust collateral agent and each engaged NRSRO.
The sale and servicing agreement requires the servicer to deliver
to the issuing entity, on or before March 31 of each calendar year, a certificate signed by an officer of the servicer regarding its assessment of compliance during the preceding calendar year with all applicable servicing criteria set forth in
the relevant Commission regulations for asset-backed securities transactions, including Item 1122 of Regulation AB, that are backed by the same type of assets as those backing the securities. In the event that a successor servicer assumes the
servicing duties under the Transaction Documents, such servicer will provide a separate annual statement.
Pursuant to the sale and
servicing agreement, a firm of independent certified public accountants will furnish to the trustee on or before March 31 of each calendar year, a statement to the effect that they have attested to the assertion of authorized officers of the
servicer that the servicing was conducted in compliance with certain applicable provisions of the sale and servicing agreement in all material respects during the immediately preceding calendar year.
Credit Enhancement
Credit
enhancement for the notes is provided by:
Credit enhancement is intended to increase the likelihood that noteholders will
receive the full amount of principal and interest due to them and to decrease the likelihood that the noteholders will experience losses. Credit enhancement will not provide protection against all risks of loss and will not necessarily guarantee
repayment of the entire principal amount and interest on all classes of notes. If losses occur which exceed the amount covered by any credit enhancement, or which are not covered by any credit enhancement, noteholders will bear their allocable share
of deficiencies.
Application of Excess Cashflow
Because it is anticipated that in certain circumstances more interest will be paid by the obligors than is necessary to pay the interest
earned on the notes and the issuing entity’s monthly fees and expenses, there is expected to be excess cashflow each month. To the extent that the collections in any month are greater than the amount necessary to pay trust expenses and
required principal and interest on the notes, the remaining amount will be available to make additional principal payments on the notes to
93
maintain overcollateralization at a targeted amount and to maintain the reserve account at its required level.
Overcollateralization
Overcollateralization will exist whenever the Adjusted Pool Balance as of the last day of the calendar month immediately preceding a
distribution date exceeds the aggregate principal amount of the notes as of that distribution date, after making all payments on that date. On the closing date, the initial amount of overcollateralization will be approximately 2.75% of the Adjusted
Pool Balance as of the cutoff date, but the sale and servicing agreement requires that the amount of overcollateralization be maintained at a target amount.
The target amount of overcollateralization on any distribution date will equal 2.75% of the Adjusted Pool Balance as of the cutoff date.
The maintenance of the overcollateralization target will be accomplished by the application of monthly excess cashflow to the payment of the
Noteholders’ Principal Distributable Amount to reduce the outstanding principal amount of the most senior outstanding class or classes of notes until the target is reached. Because the excess cashflow represents interest collections on the
automobile loan contracts but is distributed as principal on the notes, its distribution will increase overcollateralization by paying down principal on the notes more quickly than principal is collected on the automobile loan contracts.
Yield Supplement Overcollateralization Amount
The “
Yield Supplement Overcollateralization Amount
” means with respect to any calendar month and the related
distribution date, or with respect to the cutoff date, the aggregate amount by which the Principal Balance as of the last day of such calendar month or the cutoff date, as applicable, of each of the related automobile loan contracts with an annual
percentage rate as stated in the related contract of less than the Required Rate as of such date, other than a defaulted automobile loan contract, exceeds the present value, calculated using a discount rate equal to the Required Rate as of such
date, of each scheduled payment of each such automobile loan contract assuming such scheduled payment is made on the last day of each month and each month has 30 days.
The Yield Supplement Overcollateralization Amount is intended to compensate for the low APRs, and the corresponding lower monthly interest
collections, on some of the automobile loan contracts.
Reserve Account
On the closing date, a reserve account will be established and maintained by the trust collateral agent in the name of the trust collateral
agent on behalf of the Noteholders and an initial cash deposit equal to an amount determined by the sponsor will be made to the reserve account prior to the closing date; provided, that such amount is not less than 0.25% of the Adjusted Pool Balance
as of the cutoff date. The reserve account will be part of the trust assets. On each distribution date, excess cashflow will be deposited to the reserve account to maintain the amount on deposit at an amount determined by the sponsor prior to the
closing date; provided, that such amount is not less than 0.25% of the Adjusted Pool Balance as of the cutoff date or as otherwise set forth in the sale and servicing agreement; provided, further, that, the amount on deposit in the reserve account
will not exceed the aggregate principal amount of the notes after giving effect to all payments on that distribution date.
Other than as
permitted by the engaged NRSROs, amounts on deposit in the reserve account will be invested in certain eligible investments at the written direction of the servicer that mature not later than the business day prior to the following distribution
date. Any net income from those investments will be deposited into the collection account.
94
On each distribution date, the amount on deposit in the reserve account will be withdrawn,
to the extent necessary, to fund any deficiencies in the payments of trust expenses, interest payments on the notes, and principal payments on the notes that are necessary to prevent the aggregate principal amount of the notes from exceeding the
Adjusted Pool Balance and principal payments on each class of notes that are necessary to pay off each class of notes on its final scheduled distribution date. See “
—Distributions—Distribution Date Payments
” in this
prospectus. Following the occurrence of certain events of default, acceleration of the notes or receipt of insolvency proceeds, all amounts on deposit in the reserve account will be distributed as described under
“
—Distributions—Distribution Date Payment Priorities Will Change After Certain Events
.”
If the amount on
deposit in the reserve account on any distribution date, after giving effect to any deposits thereto or withdrawals therefrom on that distribution date, exceeds the lesser of (i) an amount determined by the sponsor prior to the closing date;
provided, that such amount is not less than 0.25% of the Adjusted Pool Balance as of the cutoff date and (ii) the aggregate principal amount of the notes after giving effect to all payments on that distribution date, those excess amounts will
be added to Available Funds and distributed in accordance with the priorities set forth above under “
—Distributions—Distribution Date Payments
.”
Pursuant to the sale and servicing agreement, the servicer may from time to time request approval from each engaged NRSRO to change the
formula for determining the amount required to be on deposit in the reserve account, which may have the effect of reducing such required amount or change the manner in which the reserve account is funded. Any such changes may be made without the
consent of the noteholders if each engaged NRSRO does not provide notice within ten (10) days (or such shorter period as shall be acceptable to each engaged NRSRO) of its receipt of written notice thereof that such change would result in a
reduction or withdrawal of its then-current ratings assigned to any class of notes.
Subordination
A class of notes that is lower in priority of payment provides credit support to those classes of notes having higher priority of payment
relative to that class. Consequently, to the extent that the trust assets do not generate enough cash in a collection period to satisfy the issuing entity’s obligations, including the obligations on the related distribution date to make
payments to noteholders, payments that would otherwise be made to the holder of the certificate representing the residual interest in the issuing entity will first be eliminated and any shortfalls or losses will then be absorbed as follows:
[TABLE:289]
Matters Regarding the Servicer
The servicer may not resign from its obligations and duties as servicer, except upon determination that the performance by the servicer of its
duties is no longer permissible under applicable law. No resignation will become effective until the trust collateral agent or a successor servicer has assumed the servicer’s servicing obligations and duties under the Transaction Documents.
The servicer will not be liable to the noteholders for taking any action, except as set forth in the sale and servicing agreement;
provided, however, that the servicer will not be protected against any liability that would otherwise be imposed by reason of a breach of the sale and servicing agreement by the servicer, willful misfeasance, bad faith or negligence (excluding
errors in judgment) in the performance of
95
its duties. The servicer will be under no obligation to appear in, prosecute, or defend any legal action that is not incidental to its servicing responsibilities and that, in its opinion, may
cause it to incur any expense or liability.
Subject to certain conditions precedent, any entity into which the servicer may be merged or
consolidated, or any entity resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the servicer is a party, or any entity succeeding to the business of the servicer, or any entity in each of the prior cases that assumes the obligations of the servicer,
will be the successor to the servicer.
Modifications and Amendments of Automobile Loan Contracts
The servicer is allowed to grant certain extensions, rebates, deferrals, amendments, modifications or adjustments with respect to any
automobile loan contract in accordance with its customary servicing policies and procedures; provided, however, that if the servicer (i) extends an automobile loan contract beyond the collection period immediately preceding the latest final
scheduled distribution date, or (ii) reduces the Amount Financed or APR with respect to any automobile loan contract, it will repurchase such automobile loan contract if such change in the automobile loan contract would materially and adversely
affect the interests of the noteholders, unless the servicer is required to take such action by law (including, without limitation, by the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act) or court order. This repurchase obligation is described under
“
Depositor Review of Automobile Loan Contracts—Repurchase Obligations
.”
Subject to the repurchase obligation
described in the proviso above, the servicer or its affiliates may engage in any marketing practice or promotion of any sale of any products, goods or services to obligors with respect to the automobile loan contracts so long as such practices,
promotions or sales are offered to obligors of comparable automobile loan contracts serviced by the servicer for itself and others, whether or not such practices, promotions or sales might result in a decrease in the aggregate amount of payments on
the automobile loan contracts, prepayments or faster or slower timing of the payment of the automobile loan contracts.
Servicer Termination Event
Any of the following events will constitute a “
servicer termination event
” under the sale and servicing
agreement:
[TABLE:291]
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any delay or failure of performance referred to
(i) in the first bullet point above shall have been caused by a Force Majeure Event or other similar occurrence, the five business day grace period shall be extended for an additional 60 calendar days and (ii) in the second bullet point
above shall have been caused by a Force Majeure Event or other similar occurrence, the 60 day grace period will be extended for an additional 90 calendar days.
96
Rights Upon Servicer Termination Event
If a servicer termination event has occurred and remains unremedied, the trust collateral agent may, or at the direction of the Majority
Noteholders shall, terminate all of the servicer’s rights and obligations under the sale and servicing agreement.
If the servicer
is terminated or resigns as servicer as described under “
Description of the Transaction Documents—Matters Regarding the Servicer,
” then the trust collateral agent may, or at the direction of the Majority Noteholders shall,
appoint a successor servicer and such successor servicer will succeed to all the rights, responsibilities, restrictions, duties, liabilities and termination provisions of the servicer. If a successor servicer has not been appointed at the time when
the predecessor servicer ceases to act as servicer, the trust collateral agent will automatically be appointed the successor servicer. However, if the trust collateral agent is unwilling or legally unable to act as servicer, it may appoint, or
petition a court of competent jurisdiction to appoint, a successor servicer. If a bankruptcy trustee or similar official has been appointed for the servicer, and no other servicer termination event has occurred, the bankruptcy trustee or official
may have the power to prevent a transfer of servicing.
Any successor to the sponsor as servicer will succeed to all the responsibilities,
duties, and liabilities of the sponsor under the sale and servicing agreement (except as otherwise set forth in the sale and servicing agreement) and will be entitled to compensation as agreed upon by the Majority Noteholders and the successor
servicer as set forth in the sale and servicing agreement, which compensation may be greater than the servicing fee that the sponsor is entitled to receive as servicer. The reasonable costs and expenses incurred in connection with the transfer of
servicing to a successor servicer will be paid by the predecessor servicer upon presentation of reasonable documentation of such costs and expenses. The transfer of servicing to a successor servicer may result in a material disruption in the
performance of the servicer’s duties, which could result in delays and/or disruptions in collections on the automobile loan contracts and delays and/or reductions in payments on the notes.
Waiver of Past Defaults
The
Majority Noteholders may, on behalf of all noteholders, waive any default by the servicer under the sale and servicing agreement and the consequences of any default. No waiver will impair the noteholders’ rights with respect to subsequent
defaults.
Replacement of Owner Trustee
The owner trustee may resign at any time under the trust agreement. Additionally, if at any time the owner trustee shall cease to be eligible
in accordance with the trust agreement, shall be legally unable to act as owner trustee, shall be adjudged bankrupt or insolvent, if a receiver of the owner trustee or of its property shall be appointed, if any public officer shall take charge or
control of the owner trustee or of its property or affairs for the purpose of rehabilitation, conservation or liquidation, or if the owner trustee is removed as certificate paying agent, then the depositor may remove the owner trustee. Upon the
owner trustee’s resignation or removal, the depositor shall promptly appoint a successor owner trustee. The issuing entity will be obligated to pay any costs and expenses associated with the replacement of the owner trustee, and the depositor
will be obligated to pay any such amount to the extent not paid by the issuing entity on any distribution date.
Replacement of Trustee
Under the indenture, the trustee may resign at any time upon notice to the issuing entity. Additionally, the issuing entity may and shall
remove the trustee if:
97
[TABLE:295]
Any resignation or removal of the trustee will also serve as a resignation or removal of the trustee in its capacities as trust collateral
agent under the Transaction Documents. If the trustee resigns or is removed, the issuing entity shall promptly appoint a successor trustee and shall promptly transfer all trust accounts to an institution that meets the eligibility requirements set
forth in the indenture. If a successor trustee does not take office within 60 days after the trustee resigns or is removed, the trustee, the issuing entity or the Majority Noteholders may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the
appointment of a successor trustee. Additionally, if the trustee ceases to be eligible under the indenture, any noteholder may petition a court of competent jurisdiction for the removal of the trustee and the appointment of a successor trustee. The
issuing entity will be obligated to pay any costs and expenses associated with the replacement of the trustee, and the depositor will be obligated to pay any such amount to the extent not paid by the issuing entity on any distribution date.
Amendment
Amendment of the Sale and Servicing
Agreement
The sale and servicing agreement may be amended by the depositor, the servicer and the issuing entity, with the consent of
the trustee (which consent may not be unreasonably withheld), but without the consent of the noteholders for certain specified purposes, including to cure any ambiguity or to correct or supplement any provision of the sale and servicing agreement or
for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of the sale and servicing agreement or of modifying in any manner the rights of the noteholders. Any such amendment to the sale and servicing
agreement that is made without the consent of the noteholders requires (i) satisfaction of the rating agency condition or (ii) an officer’s certificate of the servicer delivered to the issuing entity, the owner trustee, the trust
collateral agent and the trustee stating that the amendment will not materially and adversely affect the interest of any noteholder.
The
sale and servicing agreement may also be amended by the depositor, the servicer and the issuing entity, with the consent of the trustee and the Majority Noteholders in order to, among other things, add, change or eliminate any other provisions with
respect to matters or questions arising under the agreement or affecting the rights of the noteholders. However, the amendment may not increase or reduce in any manner, or accelerate or delay the timing of, collections of payments on automobile loan
contracts or distributions that are required to be made for the benefit of the noteholders or reduce the percentage of the noteholders required to consent to any amendment, unless the holders of all notes affected by the amendment provide their
consent.
98
The depositor and servicer must deliver to the owner trustee and the trustee, upon the
execution and delivery of the sale and servicing agreement and any amendment to the sale and servicing agreement, an opinion of counsel, satisfactory to the trustee, which states that all financing statements and continuation statements have been
filed.
Amendment of the Indenture
The indenture may be amended by the issuing entity and the trustee, but without the consent of the noteholders, for certain specified
purposes, including to cure any ambiguity or to correct or supplement any provision of the indenture that is inconsistent with any other provision.
The indenture may be amended by the issuing entity and the trustee without the consent of the Majority Noteholders but with prior notice by
the issuing entity to the engaged NRSROs to add any provisions or change in any manner the provisions of the indenture or to modify in any matter the rights of the noteholders; provided, that such action shall not, as evidenced by an opinion of
counsel, adversely affect in any material respect the interests of any noteholder. The indenture may also be amended by the issuing entity and the trustee with the consent of the Majority Noteholders and with prior notice by the issuing entity to
the engaged NRSROs for the purpose of adding any provisions to, or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of, the indenture or of modifying in any manner the rights of the noteholders under the indenture. However, the amendment
may not, among other things, increase or reduce in any manner or accelerate or delay the timing of distributions that are required to be made to the noteholders, reduce the percentage of the noteholders required to consent to the amendment or to
direct the issuing entity to sell or liquidate the trust property, impair the right to institute suit for the enforcement of the provisions of the indenture or permit the creation of any lien ranking prior to or on a parity with the lien of the
indenture, unless the holders of all notes affected by the amendment provide their consent.
Amendment of the Asset Representations Review Agreement
The asset representations review agreement may be amended by the issuing entity, the servicer and the asset representations reviewer
without the consent of the noteholders (i) in order to (A) cure any ambiguity, (B) correct or supplement any provision therein that may be defective or inconsistent with any other provision therein, or (C) provide for, or
facilitate the acceptance of the asset representations review agreement by, a successor asset representations reviewer or (ii) if the servicer delivers to the issuing entity, the owner trustee, the trust collateral agent, and the trustee an
officer’s certificate, stating that such amendment will not have a materially adverse effect on the notes.
The asset
representations review agreement may be amended in any other manner by the issuing entity, the servicer and the asset representations reviewer with the consent of the noteholders of a majority of the outstanding principal amount of each class of
notes, each class voting separately, except the holders of the Class A notes will vote together as a single class.
Asset Representations
Review Triggers and Procedures
The asset representations reviewer has been hired by the issuing entity pursuant to the asset
representations review agreement. The asset representations review agreement provides that, if two trigger conditions are met, the asset representations reviewer will perform a review of certain of the automobile loan contracts to test for
compliance with certain of the representations made by the sponsor and the depositor about the automobile loan contracts under the Transaction Documents. The first trigger is a delinquency trigger, that will occur if the aggregate Principal Balance
of automobile loan contracts that are more than 60 days delinquent as a percentage of the Pool Balance as of the end of a collection period, meets or exceeds the percentage for that collection period set forth below under
“
–Delinquency Trigger.
” If the delinquency trigger occurs, it will be indicated on the distribution report filed on Form
10-D
relating to that collection period. The second trigger is
a voting trigger that will be met if, following the occurrence of the delinquency trigger, first, the noteholders of at least 5% of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Outstanding notes demand a vote about whether an asset
representations review should be conducted and,
99
second, if such a vote is demanded, the noteholders of a majority of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Outstanding notes that participate in the resulting vote are in favor of
conducting an asset representations review. The review fees that will be payable to the asset representations reviewer will be up to $250 for each automobile loan contract tested as part of the asset representations review.
Delinquency Trigger
The
“
delinquency rate
” for any collection period will represent the aggregate Principal Balance of the automobile loan contracts that are more than 60 days delinquent (excluding (i) automobile loan contracts with respect
to which the servicer has repossessed the related financed vehicle and (ii) automobile loan contracts which have become Liquidated Receivables) as of the end of that collection period, expressed as a percentage of the Pool Balance as of the end
of that collection period. The servicer considers an automobile loan contract more than 60 days delinquent for purposes of calculating the delinquency rate when an obligor fails to make at least 90% of a contractual payment by the related
contractual due date. If the delinquency rate for any collection period exceeds the related delinquency trigger rate then the delinquency trigger will have occurred for that collection period. The “
delinquency trigger rate
”
will be as follows:
The sponsor established the delinquency trigger rates by considering the monthly delinquency rates observed in
prime automobile loan contracts originated by GM Financial in 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024 and 2025, as well as prime automobile loan contracts previously securitized by GM Financial. Additionally, the sponsor
considered delinquency trends of similar assets in the prime loan securitization industry in its observations and analysis. The sponsor relied on these observable performance trends to construct a base delinquency curve which it believes represents
reasonable delinquency levels for the automobile loan contracts throughout the life of the securitization pool and across economic cycles. In establishing the delinquency trigger test rates, the sponsor then applied a multiple of 4.0 to the base
delinquency curve to account for expected variations in the delinquency rate that may be experienced in a particular transaction and that can be attributed to pool-specific factors such as seasonality, pool seasoning, pool concentrations and general
economic conditions.
Static pool information regarding GM Financial’s prior securitized pools is included in Annex A to this
prospectus.
Voting Trigger
If the
delinquency trigger occurs, any noteholder or group of noteholders may demand that the trustee call a vote of all noteholders to determine whether the asset representations reviewer must perform a review of the automobile loan contracts. If any
noteholder or group of noteholders demands that the trustee call such a vote during a collection period, then that will be reported in the Form
10-D
that is filed with respect to that collection period.
If, within 90 days of the date on which the Form
10-D
is filed that reports the occurrence of the
related delinquency trigger, noteholders of at least 5% of the outstanding principal amount of the notes as of the date on which such delinquency trigger occurred (exclusive of the outstanding principal amount of any notes that are held by the
sponsor or any of its affiliates) contact the trustee to demand a vote of all noteholders regarding whether an asset representations review should be conducted, then the trustee will
100
submit the matter to a vote of all noteholders (through DTC in the case of any book-entry notes). If the trustee submits the matter to a vote of all noteholders during a collection period, then
that will be reported in the Form
10-D
that is filed with respect to that collection period. Any such vote will remain open until the 150
th
day after the
date on which the Form
10-D
was filed that reported the occurrence of the related delinquency trigger. In any vote, the noteholders will be able to vote to indicate whether or not to conduct an asset
representations review.
If a voting quorum of noteholders holding at least 5% of the outstanding principal amount of all notes (exclusive
of the outstanding principal amount of any notes that are held by the sponsor or any of its affiliates) participate in the related vote and if noteholders holding a majority of the principal amount of the notes that are voted cast votes that are in
favor of directing an asset representations review, then the trustee will promptly notify the asset representations reviewer and the servicer to commence an asset representations review in accordance with the asset representations review agreement.
The date on which any such notice is provided by the trustee will be the “
review notice date
”
.
If either the required voting quorum of noteholders do not participate in the related vote or if a voting quorum is
achieved and a majority of the votes cast are against directing an asset representations review, then no asset representations review will occur as a result of the related delinquency trigger.
Regardless of (i) whether a vote to conduct an asset representations review is called and (ii) the result of any such vote that is
conducted, a subsequent vote may be called in the same manner and subject to the same conditions described in this section if a delinquency trigger is breached again with respect to a future collection period.
Asset Representations Review Procedures
Any review of the automobile loan contracts pursuant to the asset representations review agreement will be performed only on the related
delinquency trigger automobile loan contracts. With respect to any such review, the “
delinquency trigger automobile loan contracts
” will be those automobile loan contracts (excluding (i) automobile loan contracts with
respect to which the servicer has repossessed the related financed vehicle and (ii) automobile loan contracts which have become Liquidated Receivables) that were 60 days or more delinquent as of the last day of the collection period prior to
the date the related asset review notice was delivered.
The servicer will provide the asset representations reviewer with access to the
contract files for the delinquency trigger automobile loan contracts and other information necessary for the review of the delinquency trigger automobile loan contracts within 60 days of the review notice date. The asset representations reviewer
will complete its review within 60 days after receiving access to all review materials, provided that the review period may be extended by up to an additional 30 days if the asset representations reviewer detects missing review materials that are
subsequently provided by the servicer within the required time period or that require clarification of any review materials or testing procedures. If any delinquency trigger automobile loan contract is paid in full or repurchased from the issuing
entity before the asset representations reviewer has delivered its report pursuant to the asset representations review agreement, the asset representations reviewer will terminate all testing with respect to that delinquency trigger automobile loan
contract.
Any asset representations review will consist of performing specific tests for each related representation, as detailed in the
asset representations review agreement, and each delinquency trigger automobile loan contract and determining whether each test was passed or failed. These tests were designed by the sponsor to determine whether a delinquency trigger automobile loan
contract was not in compliance with the related representations made in the Transaction Documents at the relevant time, which is usually either at origination of the automobile loan contract or as of the cutoff date or closing date. There may be
multiple tests specified in the asset representations review agreement for each such representation. The asset representations review agreement describes what conditions will constitute a test failure with respect to any automobile loan contract
that is reviewed as part of an asset representations review.
101
The tests that are conducted as part of an asset representations review are not designed to
determine why an obligor is delinquent or the creditworthiness of the obligor, either at the time of the review or at origination. The tests are not designed to determine whether the servicer serviced the related automobile loan contract in
compliance with the sale and servicing agreement after the cutoff date. The tests are not designed to establish cause, materiality or recourse for any failed test. The review is not designed to determine whether the sponsor’s origination,
underwriting, purchasing and servicing policies and procedures are adequate, reasonable or prudent. The asset representations reviewer is not responsible for determining whether noncompliance of any delinquency trigger automobile loan contracts with
the related representations and warranties constitutes a breach of the Transaction Documents or whether any such delinquency trigger automobile loan contract is required to be repurchased from the issuing entity.
Upon completion of an asset representations review, the asset representations reviewer will deliver to the issuing entity, the servicer and
the trustee a report on the test results for each delinquency trigger automobile loan contract and each test conducted. Upon receipt of the report, the related review fee pursuant to the asset representations review agreement will be due and payable
to the asset representations reviewer according to the priority of payment as described under “
—Distributions—Distribution Date Payments
.” The servicer will cause a summary of each such report provided by the asset
representations reviewer to be included in the Form
10-D
that is filed with respect to the collection period during which such asset representations review report is received by the servicer.
Any noteholder may request a full copy of any report delivered by the asset representations reviewer from the servicer or the trustee. If the
requesting noteholder is not a noteholder of record, the noteholder must provide the servicer or the trustee, as applicable, with a written certification stating that the requesting noteholder is a beneficial owner of a note, together with
supporting documentation supporting that statement (such as a trade confirmation, an account statement, a letter from a broker or dealer verifying ownership or another similar document evidencing ownership of a note). If any requested report
contains personally identifiable information regarding obligors, the servicer may condition its or the trustee’s delivery of that portion of the report on the requesting noteholder’s delivery to the servicer of an agreement acknowledging
that it may use that information only for the limited purpose of assessing the nature of the related breaches of representations or warranties and may not use that information for any other purpose.
Dispute Resolution for Repurchase Requests
If, either based on the results of a review by the asset representations reviewer or otherwise, the servicer, the issuing entity, the owner
trustee, the trustee, the trust collateral agent or any noteholder determines that a representation or warranty that was made by the depositor or the sponsor regarding an automobile loan contract was breached and that the interests of the
noteholders in the related automobile loan contract are materially and adversely affected by the breach, then any such party may demand that the depositor or the sponsor, as applicable, repurchase the affected automobile loan contract in accordance
with the terms of the Transaction Documents. If the holders of notes representing 5% or more of the Controlling Class notify the trust collateral agent in writing that they have determined that such a representation or warranty was breached and
that the interests of the noteholders in the related automobile loan contract are materially and adversely affected by the breach, then the trust collateral agent will deliver the related demand to the depositor or the sponsor, as applicable, on
behalf of those noteholders. If the depositor or the sponsor, as applicable, agrees that there has been a breach of a representation or warranty and that the interests of the noteholders in the related automobile loan contract are materially and
adversely affected by the breach, and if the alleged breach is not remedied as of the last day of the second calendar month following the calendar month in which the demand to repurchase the affected automobile loan contract was first delivered,
then the depositor or the sponsor, as applicable, will be obligated to repurchase the affected automobile loan contract.
Any demand to
repurchase an automobile loan contract will be resolved if the related automobile loan contract is repurchased in accordance with the Transaction Documents, if the condition that led to the related breach is remedied, or if the requesting party
withdraws its demand to repurchase the affected automobile loan contract. The status of all outstanding repurchase demands will be reported quarterly on
102
Form
ABS-15G
filings that are made pursuant to Rule
15Ga-1
of the Exchange Act. If any repurchase demand is not
resolved by the 180
th
day after the demand to repurchase is received, the servicer or the depositor will cause to be included in the Form
10-D
that is filed
with respect to the collection period during which such 180
th
day took place a statement describing the unresolved demand. The party that originally requested the repurchase or any noteholder will
then have the right to refer the unresolved repurchase request to either mediation (including
non-binding
arbitration) or binding arbitration by providing notice to the sponsor and the depositor within 90 days
after the date on which the related Form
10-D
is filed. Holders of notes representing 5% or more of the Controlling Class may also direct the trust collateral agent to provide the related notice to the
sponsor and the depositor, and participate in the selected resolution method, on their behalf. The sponsor and the depositor must agree to participate in the selected resolution method. Dispute resolution to resolve repurchase requests will be
available regardless of whether the noteholders voted to direct an asset representations review or whether the delinquency trigger occurred.
A mediation or arbitration will be administered by The American Arbitration Association using its mediation or arbitration rules in effect at
the time of the closing date. If The American Arbitration Association no longer exists, or if its rules would no longer permit mediation or arbitration of the dispute, the matter will be administered by another nationally recognized mediation or
arbitration organization selected by the sponsor and the related mediation or arbitration will be administered by that organization using its relevant rules that are then in effect. However, if any rules of the mediation or arbitration organization
are inconsistent with the procedures for the mediation or arbitration that are set forth in the Transaction Documents, then the procedures set forth in the Transaction Documents will apply. Any mediation or arbitration will be held at the offices of
the mediator or arbitrator or at another location selected by the sponsor or the depositor. Any party or witness may appear by video conference or teleconference.
A single mediator or arbitrator will be selected by the mediation or arbitration organization from a list of neutrals that is maintained by
the mediation or arbitration organization. Any selected mediator or arbitrator must be impartial, an attorney admitted to practice in the state of New York and with at least 15 years of experience specializing in commercial litigation and, if
possible, consumer finance or asset-backed securitization matters.
For a mediation, the parties will agree to use commercially reasonable
efforts to begin the mediation within 15 business days of the selection of the mediator and to conclude the mediation with 30 days of the start of the mediation. The costs of the mediation will be allocated among the parties as mutually agreed by
the parties as part of the mediation. If the parties fail to agree at the completion of the mediation, the requesting party may refer the repurchase request to arbitration or may commence legal proceedings to resolve the dispute.
For an arbitration, the arbitrator will have the authority to schedule, hear and determine any motions according to New York law, and will do
so at the motion of any party. Discovery will be completed within 30 days of the selection of the arbitrator and, for each party, will be limited to two witness depositions (each not to exceed five hours), two interrogatories, one document request
and one request for admissions. However, the arbitrator may grant additional discovery on a showing of good cause that such additional discovery is reasonable and necessary. Briefs that are presented by the parties will be limited to no more than
ten pages each and will be limited to initial statements of the case, motions, and a
pre-hearing
brief. The evidentiary hearing on the merits in the arbitration will begin no later than 60 days after the
arbitrator is selected and will continue for no more than six consecutive business days, with equal time allotted to each party for the presentation of evidence and cross examination. The arbitrator may allow additional time for discovery and
hearing on a showing of good cause or due to unavoidable delays.
The arbitrator will make its final determination in writing no later
than 90 days after its appointment. The arbitrator will resolve the dispute according to the Transaction Documents, and may not modify or change the Transaction Documents in any way or award remedies not consistent with the Transaction Documents.
The arbitrator will not have the power to award punitive or consequential damages. In its final determination, the arbitrator will determine and award the expenses of the arbitration to the parties in its reasonable discretion. The final
determination of the arbitrator will be final and non-
103
appealable, except for actions to confirm or vacate the determination that are permitted under law, and may be entered and enforced in any court with jurisdiction over the parties and the matter.
By selecting arbitration, the requesting party is forfeiting its right to sue in court, including the right to a trial by jury, with respect to the subject matter of the arbitration.
No personally identifiable customer information will be produced for purposes of any mediation or arbitration. Each party will agree to keep
the details of the repurchase request and the dispute resolution confidential, unless they are required to disclose details pursuant to applicable law.
Noteholder Communication
Three
or more holders of the notes may, by written request to the trustee, obtain access to the list of all the noteholders maintained by the trustee for the purpose of communicating with other noteholders with respect to their rights under the indenture
or the notes. The trustee may elect not to afford the requesting noteholders access to the list of noteholders if it agrees to mail the desired communication or proxy, on behalf of and at the expense of the requesting noteholders, to all
noteholders.
Any noteholder may also send a request to the issuing entity or to the servicer, on behalf of the issuing entity, stating
that the noteholder wishes to communicate with other noteholders about the possible exercise of rights under the Transaction Documents. The requesting noteholder must include in the request a description of the method by which other noteholders may
contact the requesting noteholder. If the requesting noteholder is not a noteholder of record, the noteholder must provide a written certification stating that the requesting noteholder is a beneficial owner of a note, together with supporting
documentation supporting that statement (such as a trade confirmation, an account statement, a letter from a broker or dealer verifying ownership or another similar document evidencing ownership of a note). The issuing entity will promptly deliver
any such request that it receives to the servicer. On receipt of a communication request, the servicer or the depositor, at the servicer’s expense, will include in the Form
10-D
filed in the next month
the following information:
Any expenses of the issuing entity or the servicer relating to an investor communication, including any review of
documents evidencing ownership of a note and the inclusion of the investor communication information in the related Form
10-D,
will be paid by the servicer.
Material Legal Aspects of the Automobile Loan Contracts
General
The transfer of
automobile loan contracts by the sponsor to the depositor and by the depositor to the issuing entity, the perfection of the security interests in the automobile loan contracts, and the enforcement of rights to realize on the vehicles are all subject
to a number of federal and state laws, including the UCC as codified in various states. The servicer will take necessary actions to perfect the trust collateral agent’s rights in the automobile loan contracts. If, through inadvertence or
otherwise, a third party were to purchase — including the taking of a security interest in — an automobile loan
104
contract for new value in the ordinary course of its business, without actual knowledge of the issuing entity’s interest, and then were to take possession of the automobile loan contract,
that purchaser would acquire an interest in the automobile loan contract superior to the issuing entity’s interest. No entity will take any action to perfect the trust collateral agent’s right in proceeds of any insurance policies
covering individual vehicles or obligors. Therefore, the rights of a third party with an interest in these proceeds could prevail against the rights of the issuing entity prior to the time the servicer deposits the proceeds into a trust account.
Security Interests in the Financed Vehicles
General
In all of the states in which
automobile loan contracts have been or will be originated, the credit sales of automobiles to consumers are evidenced either by retail installment sales automobile loan contracts or by promissory notes with a security interest in the vehicle. The
retail installment sales automobile loan contracts and promissory notes with a security interest are either chattel paper under the UCC or, with respect to installment sales automobile loan contracts and promissory notes with a security interest
that are generated in an electronic format, electronic chattel paper under the UCC.
Perfection of security interests in automobiles is
generally governed by the vehicle registration or titling laws of the state in which each vehicle is registered or titled. In most states a security interest in a vehicle is perfected by noting the secured party’s lien on the vehicle’s
certificate of title. In certain states, a security interest in a vehicle may be perfected by electronic recordation, by either a third-party service provider or the relevant state registrar of titles, which indicates that the lien of the secured
party on the vehicle is recorded on the original certificate of title on the electronic lien and title system of the applicable state.
Perfection
The sponsor will sell and assign the automobile loan contracts and its security interests in the vehicles to the depositor, which
shall then sell such automobile loan contracts and the related security interests to the issuing entity. The issuing entity will grant an interest in the automobile loan contracts, the security interests in the vehicles and related property to the
trust collateral agent on behalf of the noteholders.
Because of the administrative burden and expense, none of the sponsor, the servicer,
the trust collateral agent or the trustee will amend any physical or electronic certificate of title to identify the trust collateral agent as the new secured party on the certificates of title. However, UCC financing statements will be filed in the
appropriate jurisdictions in order to perfect each transfer or pledge of the automobile loan contracts between the sponsor, the depositor, the issuing entity and the trust collateral agent or the trustee. Furthermore, although the trust collateral
agent will not rely on possession of the automobile loan contracts as the legal basis for the perfection of its interest in the automobile loan contracts or in the security interests in the vehicles, the servicer will continue to hold the automobile
loan contracts and any certificates of title (or electronic evidence of the certificates of title) in its possession, either directly or through an agent, on behalf of the trust collateral agent or, with respect to electronic loans, a third-party
service provider will maintain control over the automobile loan contracts on behalf of the trust collateral agent. This is intended to preclude any other party from claiming a competing security interest in the automobile loan contracts on the basis
that their security interest is perfected by possession.
In most states, a secured creditor can perfect its security interest in a motor
vehicle against creditors and subsequent purchasers who do not have notice of the secured creditor’s interest only by one or more of the following methods:
105
However, under the laws of most states, a transferee of a security interest in a motor vehicle is not required to reapply to the related
Department of Motor Vehicles or analogous state office for a transfer of registration when the security interest is sold or transferred by the lienholder to secure payment or performance of an obligation. Accordingly, under the laws of these states,
the assignment by the sponsor of its interest in the automobile loan contracts to the trust collateral agent effectively conveys the sponsor’s security in the automobile loan contracts and, specifically, the vehicles, without
re-registration
and without amendment of any lien noted on the certificate of title, and the trust collateral agent will succeed to the sponsor’s rights as secured party.
Although it is not necessary to
re-register
the vehicle to convey the perfected security interest in
the vehicles to the trust collateral agent, the trust collateral agent’s security interest could be defeated through fraud, negligence, forgery or administrative error because it may not be listed as legal owner or lienholder on the
certificates of title. However, in the absence of these events, the notation of the sponsor’s lien on the certificates of title will be sufficient to protect the issuing entity against the rights of subsequent purchasers or subsequent
creditors who take a security interest in a vehicle. The sponsor will represent and warrant that it has taken all action necessary to obtain a perfected security interest in each vehicle. If there are any vehicles for which the sponsor failed to
obtain a first priority perfected security interest, the sponsor’s security interest would be subordinate to, among others, subsequent purchasers and the holders of first priority perfected security interests in these vehicles. Such a failure,
however, would constitute a breach of the sponsor’s and the depositor’s representations and warranties regarding the related financed vehicle and if the breach materially and adversely affects the noteholders it would trigger the sponsor
and the depositor’s obligations to repurchase the related automobile loan contracts from the issuing entity, unless the breach were cured.
Continuity of Perfection
Under the laws
of most states, a perfected security interest in a motor vehicle continues until the owner
re-registers
the motor vehicle in the new state. To
re-register
a vehicle, a
majority of states require the registering party to surrender the certificate of title. In those states that require a secured party to take possession of the certificate of title to maintain perfection, the secured party would learn of the
re-registration
through the obligor’s request for the certificate of title so it could
re-register
the vehicle. In the case of vehicles registered in states that provide
for notation of a lien on the certificate of title but which do not require possession, the secured party would receive notice of surrender from the state of
re-registration
if the security interest is noted
on the certificate of title. Thus, the secured party would have the opportunity to reperfect its security interest in the vehicle in the new state. However, these procedural safeguards will not protect the secured party if, through fraud, forgery or
administrative error, the debtor somehow procures a new certificate of title that does not list the secured party’s lien. Additionally, in states that do not require the
re-registering
party to surrender
the certificate of title,
re-registration
could defeat perfection. The Transaction Documents require the servicer to take steps to
re-perfect
the security
106
interest in financed vehicles upon receiving notice of
re-registration
or information from the obligor that it relocated. Similarly, when an obligor sells
a financed vehicle, the servicer will have an opportunity to require that the automobile loan contract be satisfied before it releases the lien. This opportunity arises because the servicer will be required to surrender possession of the certificate
of title in connection with the sale, or because the servicer will receive notice as a result of its lien being noted on the related certificate of title.
Priority of Certain Liens Arising by Operation of Law
Under the laws of most states, statutory liens take priority over even a first priority perfected security interest in a vehicle. These
statutory liens include:
The UCC also grants certain federal tax liens priority over a secured party’s lien. Additionally, the laws of most states and federal
law permit governmental authorities to confiscate motor vehicles under certain circumstances if used in or acquired with the proceeds of unlawful activities. Confiscation may result in the loss of the perfected security interest in the vehicle. The
sponsor will represent and warrant that, as of the cutoff date, each security interest in a financed vehicle shall be a valid, binding and enforceable first priority security interest in that financed vehicle. However, liens for repairs or taxes
superior to the trust collateral agent’s security interest in any vehicle, or the confiscation of a vehicle, could arise at any time during the term of an automobile loan contract. No notice will be given to the trust collateral agent or the
trustee or any noteholder in the event these types of liens or confiscations arise. Moreover, any liens of these types or any confiscation arising after the closing date would not give rise to the sponsor’s repurchase obligation.
Repossession
In the event an
obligor defaults, the holder of the related automobile loan contract has all the remedies of a secured party under the UCC, except where specifically limited by other state laws. Under the UCC, a secured party’s remedies include the right to
repossession by self-help, unless self-help would constitute a breach of the peace. Unless a vehicle is voluntarily surrendered, self-help repossession is accomplished simply by taking possession of the financed vehicle. In cases where the obligor
objects or raises a defense to repossession, or if otherwise required by applicable state law, a secured party must obtain a court order from the appropriate state court, and the vehicle must then be recovered in accordance with that order. In some
jurisdictions, the secured party is required to notify the debtor of the default and the intent to repossess the collateral and then must give the debtor a time period within which to cure the default. Generally, this right of cure may only be
exercised on a limited number of occasions during the term of the related automobile loan contract. Other jurisdictions permit repossession without prior notice if it can be accomplished without a breach of the peace — although in
some states, a course of conduct in which the creditor has accepted late payments has been held to create a right by the obligor to receive prior notice.
Notice of Sale; Redemption Rights
The UCC and other state laws require a secured party to provide an obligor with reasonable notice of the date, time and place of any public
sale and/or the date after which any private sale of the
107
collateral may be held. In addition, some states also impose substantive timing requirements on the sale of repossessed vehicles and/or various substantive timing and content requirements on the
notices. In some states, after a financed vehicle has been repossessed, the obligor may reinstate the contract by paying the delinquent installments and other amounts due. In all states, the obligor typically has the right to redeem the collateral
prior to actual sale or entry by the secured party into a contract for sale of the collateral by paying the secured party:
Deficiency Judgments and Excess Proceeds
The proceeds from the resale of financed vehicles generally will be applied first to the expenses of resale and repossession and then to
satisfying the obligor’s outstanding debt under the automobile loan contract. In many instances, the remaining principal balance under the automobile loan contract will exceed the liquidation proceeds remaining after these expenses are paid.
Under the UCC and laws applicable in some states, a creditor is entitled to bring an action to obtain a deficiency judgment from a debtor for any deficiency on repossession and resale of a motor vehicle securing such debtor’s automobile loan
contract. However, the deficiency judgment would be a personal judgment against the obligor for the shortfall, and defaulting obligors generally have very little capital or sources of income available following repossession that they could use to
satisfy such a personal judgment. Additionally, in some states a creditor is prohibited from seeking a deficiency judgment from a debtor whose financed vehicle had an initial cash sales price less than a specified amount, usually between $1,000 and
$3,000. Some states impose prohibitions, limitations or notice requirements on actions for deficiency judgments. Therefore, in many cases, it may not be useful to seek a deficiency judgment against an obligor or, if one is obtained, it may either be
settled by the servicer at a significant discount or be uncollectible.
In addition to the notice requirement described above, the UCC
requires that every aspect of the sale or other disposition, including the method, manner, time, place and terms, be “commercially reasonable.” Courts have held that when a sale is not “commercially reasonable,” the secured
party loses its right to a deficiency judgment. Also, prior to a sale, the UCC permits the debtor or other interested person to obtain an order mandating that the secured party refrain from disposing of the collateral if it is established that the
secured party is not proceeding in accordance with the “default” provisions under the UCC.
Courts have applied general
equitable principles to secured parties pursuing repossession or litigation involving deficiency balances. These equitable principles may have the effect of relieving an obligor from some or all of the legal consequences of a default.
Occasionally, after a secured party sells a vehicle and uses the sale proceeds to pay all expenses and indebtedness, there is a surplus of
funds. In that case, the UCC requires the creditor to remit the surplus to any holder of a subordinate lien with respect to the vehicle or if no subordinate lienholder exists or if there are remaining funds after the subordinate lienholder is paid,
the UCC requires the creditor to remit the surplus to the obligor.
108
Consumer Protection Laws
Numerous federal and state consumer protection laws and related regulations impose substantial requirements upon creditors and servicers
involved in consumer finance. These laws include:
In addition, the laws of some states impose finance charge ceilings and other restrictions on consumer transactions and require other
disclosures in addition to those required under federal law. These requirements impose specific statutory liabilities upon creditors who fail to comply with their provisions. In some cases, this liability could affect the trust collateral
agent’s or the trustee’s ability to enforce consumer finance loans such as the automobile loan contracts.
The FTC’s
“holder-in-due-course
rule” has the effect of subjecting any assignee of the seller in a retail installment sale, and other
related creditors and their assignees, to all claims and defenses which the obligor in the transaction could assert against the retail seller. However, liability under the
holder-in-due-course
rule is limited to the amounts paid by the obligor under the automobile loan contract. Because of the
holder-in-due-course
rule, the assignee may be unable to collect any balance due from the obligor. The
holder-in-due-course
rule is generally duplicated by the Uniform Consumer Credit Code, other state statutes or the common law in
some states. To the extent that the automobile loan contracts will be subject to the requirements of the
holder-in-due-course
rule, the trust collateral agent or the trustee, as holder of the automobile loan contracts, will be subject to any claims or defenses that the purchaser of the related vehicle may assert against the related retail seller. These claims will be
limited to a maximum liability equal to the amounts paid by the obligor under the related automobile loan contract.
109
Under most state vehicle dealer licensing laws, sellers of automobiles must be licensed to
sell vehicles at retail sale. In addition, the FTC’s rule on sale of used vehicles requires that all sellers of used vehicles prepare, complete and display a “Buyer’s Guide” explaining the warranty coverage for the vehicles.
Furthermore, federal odometer regulations and the motor vehicle title laws of most states require that all sellers of used vehicles furnish a written statement signed by the seller certifying the accuracy of the odometer reading. If a seller is not
properly licensed or if the seller did not provide either a buyer’s guide or odometer disclosure statement to the purchaser, the obligor may be able to assert a defense against the seller. If an obligor on an automobile loan contract were
successful in asserting these claims or defenses, the servicer would pursue on behalf of the issuing entity any reasonable remedies against the vehicle seller or manufacturer.
Any loss, to the extent not covered by credit enhancement, could result in losses to noteholders. If an obligor were successful in asserting
any claim or defense described in the two immediately preceding paragraphs, the claim or defense may constitute a breach of a representation or warranty under the Transaction Documents and may create an obligation of the sponsor to repurchase the
automobile loan contract unless the breach were cured.
The sponsor and the depositor will each represent and warrant that each automobile
loan contract complies with all requirements of law in all material respects. Accordingly, if an obligor has a claim against the trust collateral agent or the trustee because the sponsor or the depositor violated any law and the claim materially and
adversely affects the noteholders, the violation would create an obligation of the sponsor or the depositor to repurchase the automobile loan contract unless the violation were cured.
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act
Under the terms of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, or the “
Relief Act
”, and similar state legislation in most
states, the holder of an automobile loan contract may not charge an obligor who enters military service after the obligor takes out an automobile loan contract more than a 6% annual rate, including fees and charges, during the obligor’s active
duty status, unless a court orders otherwise upon application of the lender. The Relief Act applies to obligors who are members of the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, Space Force, National Guard (when called to active federal or state military
service), Reserves, Coast Guard, commissioned officers of the U.S. Public Health Service or the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration assigned to duty with the military and U.S. citizens who are serving with forces of a nation with which
the U.S. is allied, in all cases who have provided appropriate documentation to the servicer establishing the applicability of the Relief Act to their automobile loan contract. Because the Relief Act applies to obligors who enter military service,
including reservists who are called to active duty, after origination of the automobile loan contract, the sponsor cannot provide information as to the number of automobile loan contracts that may be affected by the provisions of the Relief Act.
Application of the Relief Act could adversely affect, for an indeterminate period of time, the servicer’s ability to collect full amounts of interest on any affected automobile loan contracts. Any shortfall in interest collections resulting
from the application of the Relief Act or similar legislation or regulations, which would not be recoverable from the related automobile loan contracts, would result in a reduction of the amounts distributable to noteholders and may not be covered
by any form of credit enhancement provided in connection with the notes.
In addition, the Relief Act imposes limitations that would
impair the ability of the servicer to repossess an automobile loan contract during the obligor’s period of active duty status. Thus, in the event that the Relief Act or similar legislation or regulations applies to any automobile loan contract
which goes into default, there may be delays in payment and losses on the notes. Any other interest shortfalls, deferrals or forgiveness of payments on the automobile loan contracts resulting from similar legislation or regulations may result in
delays in payments or losses to noteholders.
110
Other Limitations
In addition to the laws limiting or prohibiting deficiency judgments, numerous other statutory provisions, including federal bankruptcy laws
and related state laws, may interfere with or affect the ability of the issuing entity, the depositor or the servicer to repossess a vehicle or enforce a deficiency judgment. For example, in a Chapter 13 proceeding under the federal bankruptcy law,
a court may prevent a creditor from repossessing a motor vehicle, and, as part of the rehabilitation plan, may reduce the amount of the secured indebtedness to the market value of the motor vehicle at the time of bankruptcy, leaving the party
providing financing as a general unsecured creditor for the remainder of the indebtedness. A bankruptcy court may also reduce the monthly payments due under an automobile loan contract or change the rate of interest and time of repayment of the
indebtedness. Any such shortfall, to the extent not covered by credit enhancement, could result in losses to noteholders.
Dodd-Frank Orderly
Liquidation Framework
General
On July 21, 2010, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, or the “
Dodd-Frank Act
”
was enacted. The Dodd-Frank Act, among other things, gives the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or the “
FDIC
”, authority to act as receiver of bank holding companies, financial companies and their respective
subsidiaries in specific situations under the Orderly Liquidation Authority, or “
OLA
”, as described in more detail below. The OLA provisions were effective on July 22, 2010. The proceedings, standards, powers of the
receiver and many other substantive provisions of OLA differ from those of the Bankruptcy Code in several respects. In addition, because the legislation remains subject to clarification through FDIC regulations and has yet to be applied by the FDIC
in any receivership, it is unclear exactly what impact these provisions will have on any particular company, including the sponsor, the depositor or a particular issuing entity, or their respective creditors.
Potential Applicability to the Sponsor, the Depositor and Issuing Entity
There is uncertainty about which companies will be subject to OLA rather than the Bankruptcy Code. For a company to become subject to OLA, the
Secretary of the Treasury (in consultation with the President of the United States) must determine, among other things, that the company is in default or in danger of default, the failure of such company and its resolution under the Bankruptcy Code
would have serious adverse effects on financial stability in the United States, no viable private sector alternative is available to prevent the default of the company and an OLA proceeding would mitigate these adverse effects.
The issuing entity or the depositor could also potentially be subject to the provisions of OLA as a “covered subsidiary” of the
sponsor. For the issuing entity or the depositor to be subject to receivership under OLA as a covered subsidiary of the sponsor (1) the FDIC would have to be appointed as receiver for the sponsor under OLA as described above, and (2) the
FDIC and the Secretary of the Treasury would have to jointly determine that (a) the issuing entity or depositor is in default or in danger of default, (b) the liquidation of that covered subsidiary would avoid or mitigate serious adverse
effects on the financial stability or economic conditions of the United States and (c) such appointment would facilitate the orderly liquidation of the sponsor.
There can be no assurance that the Secretary of the Treasury would not determine that the failure of the sponsor or any potential covered
subsidiary thereof would have serious adverse effects on financial stability in the United States. In addition, no assurance can be given that OLA would not apply to the sponsor, the depositor or the issuing entity or, if it were to apply, that the
timing and amounts of payments to the noteholders would not be less favorable than under the Bankruptcy Code.
111
FDIC’s Avoidance Power Under OLA
The provisions of OLA relating to preferential transfers differ from those of the U.S. federal bankruptcy laws. If the sponsor were to become
subject to OLA, there is an interpretation under OLA that previous transfers of automobile loan contracts by the sponsor perfected for purposes of state law and the U.S. federal bankruptcy laws could nevertheless be avoided by the FDIC as
preferential transfers. In this case the automobile loan contracts securing the notes could be reclaimed by the FDIC and the noteholders may have only an unsecured claim against the sponsor.
In July 2011, the FDIC adopted final rules which harmonize the application of the FDIC’s avoidance power under OLA with the related
provisions under the U.S. federal bankruptcy laws. Based on these rules, the transfer of the automobile loan contracts by the sponsor would not be avoidable by the FDIC as a preference under OLA.
FDIC’s Repudiation Power Under OLA
If the FDIC is appointed receiver of a company under OLA, the FDIC would have the power to repudiate any contract to which the company was a
party if the FDIC determined that performance of the contract was burdensome and that repudiation would promote the orderly administration of the company’s affairs.
In January 2011, the Acting General Counsel of the FDIC issued an advisory opinion confirming that nothing in the Dodd-Frank Act changes the
existing law governing the separate existence of separate entities under other applicable law, or changes the enforceability of standard contractual provisions meant to foster the bankruptcy-remote treatment of special purpose entities such as the
depositor and the trust, and that, until the FDIC adopts a regulation, the FDIC will not exercise its repudiation authority to reclaim, recover or recharacterize as property of a company in receivership or the receivership assets transferred by that
company prior to the end of the applicable transition period of any such future regulation, provided that such transfer satisfies the conditions for the exclusion of such assets from the property of the estate of that company under the U.S. federal
bankruptcy laws.
The sponsor and the depositor intend that the sale of the automobile loan contracts by the sponsor to the depositor will
constitute a “true sale” between separate legal entities under applicable state law. As a result, the sponsor believes that the FDIC would not be able to recover the automobile loan contracts using its repudiation power.
Although the advisory opinion does not bind the FDIC, and could be modified or withdrawn in the future, the opinion provides that it will
apply to asset transfers which occur prior to the end of any applicable transition period adopted to implement future regulation addressing the FDIC’s repudiation authority under OLA. However, there can be no assurance that the FDIC will
address its repudiation authority under OLA in future regulations or that future regulations or subsequent FDIC actions in an OLA proceeding involving the sponsor, the depositor or the issuing entity would not be contrary to this opinion.
If the issuing entity were placed in receivership under OLA, the FDIC would have the power to repudiate the notes. In that case, the FDIC
would be required to pay compensatory damages that are no less than the principal amount of the notes plus accrued interest as of the date the FDIC was appointed receiver and, to the extent that the value of the property that secured the notes is
greater than the principal amount of the notes and any accrued interest through the date of repudiation or disaffirmance, such accrued interest.
112
Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences
General
Below is a description
of the anticipated material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of the notes offered by this prospectus. This description is based on the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, the
“
Internal Revenue Code
,” existing and proposed Treasury regulations, current administrative rulings, judicial decisions and other applicable authorities all as in effect as of the date of this prospectus, and all of which
are subject to change, perhaps with retroactive effect. There are no cases or Internal Revenue Service, or “IRS,” rulings on similar transactions involving debt issued by a trust with terms similar to those of the notes. The IRS may
challenge the conclusions reached in this description, and no ruling from the IRS has been or will be sought on any of the issues described below. Furthermore, legislative, judicial or administrative changes may occur, perhaps with retroactive
effect, which could affect the accuracy of the statements and conclusions in this prospectus.
This description does not deal with all
aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be relevant to the holders of notes in light of their personal investment circumstances nor, except for specific limited descriptions of particular topics, to noteholders subject to special treatment
under the U.S. federal income tax laws, such as insurance companies,
tax-exempt
organizations, regulated investment companies, financial institutions or broker-dealers, taxpayers subject to the alternative
minimum tax, holders that will hold the notes as part of a hedge, straddle, appreciated financial position or conversion transaction, sovereign wealth funds that may rely on Section 892 of the Code, and holders that will hold the notes as other
than capital assets. This description is directed only to prospective noteholders who:
[TABLE:333]
As used in this section of the prospectus, the term “U.S. noteholder” means a beneficial owner of a
note that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes:
[TABLE:337]
The term “U.S. noteholder” also includes a
noteholder whose income or gain on its investment in a note is effectively connected with the conduct of a U.S. trade or business. As used in this section of the prospectus, the term
“non-U.S.
noteholder” means a beneficial owner of a note other than a U.S. noteholder and other than a partnership.
If a partnership
(including any entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) owns a note, the tax treatment of a partner in the partnership will depend on the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. Partners in such a
partnership are encouraged to consult their tax advisors as to the particular U.S. federal income tax consequences applicable to them.
113
Prospective noteholders are encouraged to consult with their tax advisors as to the U.S.
federal, state and local, foreign and any other tax consequences to them of the purchase, ownership and disposition of notes.
Tax Characterization
of the Issuing Entity
In the opinion of Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP, tax counsel to the depositor, assuming compliance with the
terms of the Transaction Documents, the issuing entity will not be characterized as an association or publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
Tax counsel will also opine that the notes will be characterized as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes to the extent such notes
are treated as beneficially owned by a person other than the depositor or its affiliates for such purposes. If, contrary to the opinion of tax counsel, the IRS successfully asserted that one or more classes of notes were not appropriately
characterized as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes, such class or classes of notes might be treated as equity interests in the issuing entity. If so treated, the issuing entity might be treated as a publicly traded partnership taxable as a
corporation with potentially adverse tax consequences, including being unable to reduce its taxable income by deductions for interest expense on notes recharacterized as equity. Alternatively, the issuing entity could be treated as a publicly traded
partnership that would not be taxable as a corporation because it would satisfy an applicable safe harbor. Nonetheless, treatment of the notes as equity interests in a publicly traded partnership could have adverse tax consequences to certain
noteholders. For example, income to certain
tax-exempt
entities (including pension funds) would be “unrelated business taxable income,” income to
non-U.S.
noteholders may be subject to U.S. withholding tax and U.S. tax return filing requirements, and individual holders might be subject to some limitations on their ability to deduct their share of the issuing entity’s expenses.
Tax Characterization and Treatment of the Notes
Characterization as Debt
The depositor agrees, and each noteholder will be deemed to agree by its acceptance of a note, to treat the notes as indebtedness for all U.S.
federal, state and local income and franchise tax purposes. There are no Treasury regulations, published rulings or judicial decisions involving the characterization for U.S. federal income tax purposes of securities with terms substantially the
same as the notes. In general, whether instruments such as the notes constitute indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes is a question of fact, the resolution of which is based primarily upon the economic substance of the instruments and
the transaction under which they are issued rather than merely upon the form of the transaction or the manner in which the instruments are labeled. The IRS and the courts have identified various factors to be taken into account in determining, for
U.S. federal income tax purposes, whether or not an instrument constitutes indebtedness and whether a transfer of property is a sale because the transferor has relinquished substantial incidents of ownership in the property or is instead a borrowing
secured by the property.
On the basis of its analysis of the above factors as applied to the facts and its analysis of the economic
substance of the contemplated transaction, tax counsel is of the opinion that, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, assuming compliance with the terms of the transaction documents, the notes will be characterized as indebtedness to the extent such
notes are treated as beneficially owned by a person other than the depositor and its affiliates for such purposes. The depositor, the servicer, the trustee, and each noteholder, by acquiring an interest in a note, will agree to treat the notes as
debt for U.S. federal, state and local income and franchise tax purposes. Neither the opinion of tax counsel nor the agreement to treat the notes as debt is binding on the IRS or the courts.
114
For a description of the potential U.S. federal income tax consequences to noteholders if
the IRS were successful in challenging the characterization of the notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes, you should read “
— Tax Characterization of the Issuing Entity
” above.
Treasury Regulations issued under Section 385 of the Internal Revenue Code address the debt or equity treatment of any notes held by
members of the issuing entity’s “expanded group.” If any notes held by members of the issuing entity’s expanded group are recharacterized as stock and such notes are subsequently transferred to a person outside of the
expanded group, then on request by that person, the issuing entity will provide or cause to be provided information reasonably requested by that person to determine the issue date and issue price of the transferred notes.
Treatment of Stated Interest
The stated interest on a note that constitutes “qualified stated interest” will be taxable to a holder as ordinary income when
received or accrued according to the holder’s method of tax accounting. For stated interest to be qualified stated interest it must be payable at least annually at a single rate that takes into account the length of the interval between
interest payment dates, and reasonable remedies must exist to compel timely payment or the terms of the instrument must make late payment or
non-payment
sufficiently remote for purposes of the original issue
discount, or “
OID
”, rules. Although stated interest on the Class B Notes and Class C Notes can be deferred under certain circumstances, the issuing entity intends to treat the potential deferral as sufficiently
remote for purposes of the OID rules and treat the stated interest on the notes as qualified stated interest.
Original Issue Discount
In general, OID is the excess of the stated redemption price at maturity of a debt instrument over its issue price, unless that excess is less
than a de minimis amount (i.e., 0.25% of the principal amount multiplied by the weighted average maturity of the debt instrument). A note’s stated redemption price at maturity is the aggregate of all payments required to be made under the note
except qualified stated interest. The issue price will be the first price at which a substantial amount of notes are sold, excluding sales to bond houses, brokers or similar persons acting as underwriters, placement agents or wholesalers. A holder
of notes treated as issued with OID that is not de minimis must include OID in its gross income as ordinary interest income as it accrues, regardless of the holder’s regular method of accounting, generally under a constant yield method. All
stated interest payments on a note that matures one year or less from the date it is issued are included in the stated redemption price at maturity of the note and, therefore, are treated as OID.
The issuing entity does not anticipate issuing the notes with OID. Although the issuing entity intends to make all payments of stated interest
on all classes of notes on a current basis and, therefore, the issuing entity believes any deferral of interest with respect to any class of notes would be a remote and incidental contingency, it is not an event of default with respect to the
Class B Notes and the Class C Notes to defer interest payments with respect to such notes under certain circumstances. In the case of such a deferral, the notes with respect to which interest is deferred would be treated as reissued for
purposes of the OID rules at the time of the interest deferral and at that time such notes may be treated as OID obligations. The prepayment assumption that will be used for purposes of computing OID with respect to the notes, if any, for U.S.
federal income tax purposes is 1.30% ABS. In addition, a subsequent purchaser who buys a note for less than its principal amount may be subject to the “market discount” rules of the Internal Revenue Code. A subsequent purchaser who buys
a note for more than its principal amount may be subject to the “market premium” rules of the Internal Revenue Code.
Disposition of
Notes
If a noteholder sells or disposes of a note, the holder will recognize gain or loss in an amount equal to
the difference between the amount realized on the sale or disposition and the holder’s adjusted tax basis in the note. The holder’s adjusted tax basis will equal the holder’s cost for the note, increased by any
115
OID and market discount previously included by the noteholder in income on the note and decreased by any bond premium previously amortized and any payments of principal and OID previously
received by the noteholder on the note. Any gain or loss on sale or disposition will be capital gain or loss if the note was held as a capital asset, except for gain representing accrued interest or accrued market discount not previously included in
income. Capital gain or loss will be long-term if the note was held by the holder for more than one year and otherwise will be short-term.
Information
Reporting and Backup Withholding
The trustee will be required to report annually to the IRS, and to each noteholder of record, the
amount of interest paid on the notes, and any amount of interest withheld for U.S. federal income taxes, except as to exempt holders (generally, corporations,
tax-exempt
organizations, qualified pension and
profit-sharing trusts, individual retirement accounts, or nonresident aliens who provide certification as to their status). Each holder who is not an exempt holder will be required to provide to the trustee, under penalties of perjury, a certificate
containing the holder’s name, address, correct federal taxpayer identification number and a statement that the holder is not subject to backup withholding. Should a holder fail to provide the required certification, the trustee will be
required to withhold the tax from interest otherwise payable to the holder and pay the withheld amount to the IRS.
Tax Consequences to
Non-U.S.
Noteholders
Subject to the application of the FATCA withholding tax
described in “
—Payments to Foreign Financial Institutions and Certain Other
Non-U.S.
Entities
” below, a
non-U.S.
noteholder who is an individual
or corporation (or a person treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) holding the notes on its own behalf and not in connection with the conduct of a U.S. trade or business will not be subject to U.S. federal income taxes on
payments of principal, premium, interest or OID on a note, unless the
non-U.S.
noteholder is a direct or indirect 10% or greater owner of the issuing entity or a controlled foreign corporation related to the
issuing entity. To qualify for the exemption from taxation, the withholding agent must have received a statement from the individual or corporation that:
A “withholding agent” is the last U.S. payor (or a
non-U.S.
payor who is a qualified
intermediary, U.S. branch of a foreign person, or withholding foreign partnership) in the chain of payment before payment to a
non-U.S.
noteholder (which itself is not a withholding agent). This statement is
made on an IRS Form
W-8BEN
or IRS Form
W-8BEN-E,
which generally is effective for the remainder of the year of signature plus
three full calendar years unless a change in circumstances makes any information on the form incorrect. Under some circumstances, an IRS Form
W-8BEN
or IRS Form
W-8BEN-E
can remain effective indefinitely. The beneficial owner must inform the withholding agent within 30 days of a change in circumstances that makes any information on the form incorrect and furnish a
new IRS Form
W-8BEN
or IRS Form
W-8BEN-E
to the withholding agent.
A
non-U.S.
noteholder who is not an individual or corporation (or a person treated as a corporation
for U.S. federal income tax purposes) holding the notes on its own behalf may have substantially increased reporting requirements and is encouraged to consult its tax advisor.
A
non-U.S.
noteholder whose income on its investment in a note is effectively connected with the
conduct of a U.S. trade or business will generally be taxed as if the holder was a U.S. noteholder.
Some securities clearing
organizations, and other entities who are not beneficial owners, may be able to provide an IRS Form
W-8IMY
(or the appropriate substitute form) to the withholding agent.
116
However, in this case, the IRS Form
W-8IMY
may require a copy of the beneficial owner’s IRS Form
W-8BEN
or
IRS Form
W-8BEN-E
(or the appropriate substitute form).
Any capital gain realized on the sale, redemption, retirement or other taxable disposition of a note by a
non-U.S.
noteholder will be exempt from U.S. federal income and withholding tax so long as:
[TABLE:342]
If the interest, gain or income on a note held
by a
non-U.S.
noteholder is effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business in the United States by the
non-U.S.
noteholder, the holder, although exempt
from the withholding tax described above if an appropriate statement is furnished, will generally be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the interest, gain or income at regular U.S. federal income tax rates. In addition, if the
non-U.S.
noteholder is a foreign corporation, it may be subject to a branch profits tax equal to 30 percent of its “effectively connected earnings and profits” within the meaning of the Internal
Revenue Code for the taxable year, unless it qualifies for a lower rate under a tax treaty.
Payments to Foreign Financial Institutions and Certain
Other
Non-U.S.
Entities
A 30% withholding tax generally will apply to payments of interest
(including OID) on notes that are made to foreign financial institutions and certain
non-financial
foreign entities. Such withholding tax, imposed under Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Internal Revenue Code,
or “
FATCA
”, generally will not apply where such payments are made to (i) a foreign financial institution that enters into and complies with an agreement with the IRS to, among other requirements, undertake to identify
accounts held by certain United States persons or U.S.-owned foreign entities, report annually certain information about such accounts and withhold tax as may be required by that agreement, or (ii) a
non-financial
foreign entity that certifies it does not have any substantial U.S. owners, furnishes identifying information about each substantial U.S. owner, or is otherwise exempt from such information
disclosure under FATCA. Alternative requirements may apply to foreign entities subject to an intergovernmental agreement for the implementation of FATCA. The FATCA withholding tax applies regardless of whether a payment otherwise would be exempt
from U.S.
non-resident
withholding tax (such as under the portfolio interest exemption or as capital gain) and regardless of whether a foreign financial institution is the beneficial owner of a payment.
Prospective noteholders should consult their own tax advisors about the application and requirements of information reporting and withholding under FATCA and any intergovernmental agreement for the implementation of FATCA.
State and Local Tax Considerations
Because of the variation in the tax laws of each state and locality, it is impossible to predict the tax classification of the issuing entity
or the tax consequences to the issuing entity or to holders of notes in all of the state and local taxing jurisdictions in which they may be subject to tax. Prospective noteholders are encouraged to consult their tax advisors about state and local
taxation of the issuing entity and state and local tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of notes.
ERISA Considerations
General Investment Considerations
The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or “
ERISA
”, and the Internal Revenue Code impose
duties and requirements on employee benefit plans and other retirement plans and arrangements (such as individual retirement accounts and Keogh plans) that are subject to the fiduciary responsibility provisions of Title I of ERISA and/or
Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code,
117
referred to as “plans,” and some entities (including insurance company general accounts) whose assets are deemed to include assets of plans, and on persons who are fiduciaries of
plans.
Plans that are subject to Title I of ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code generally may purchase the
offered notes. Although it is not certain, the publicly offered notes are expected to be treated as “debt” and not as “equity interests” for purposes of U.S. Department of Labor Regulation 29 C.F.R.
Section 2510.3-101,
as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, or the “plan asset regulations,” because the publicly offered notes:
Any person who exercises authority or control over the management or disposition of a plan’s assets is considered to be a fiduciary of
that plan. Under ERISA’s general fiduciary standards, before investing in the publicly offered notes, a plan fiduciary should determine, among other factors:
In addition, ERISA and Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code prohibit a broad range of transactions involving
assets of a plan and persons who are “parties in interest” under ERISA or “disqualified persons” under Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code. A violation of these rules may result in the imposition of significant
excise taxes and other liabilities.
A fiduciary of a plan should carefully review with its legal and other advisors whether the
acquisition, holding or disposition of any publicly offered notes could give rise to a transaction prohibited or impermissible under ERISA or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code, and should read “
ERISA Considerations
”
about the restrictions on the acquisition, holding and disposition of the notes offered by this prospectus. Unless otherwise stated, references to the acquisition, holding and disposition of the publicly offered notes in these sections also refer to
the acquisition, holding and disposition of an interest or participation in the publicly offered notes.
Prohibited Transactions
Whether or not an investment in the publicly offered notes will give rise to a prohibited transaction under ERISA or Section 4975 of the
Internal Revenue Code will depend on whether the assets of the issuing entity will be deemed to be “plan assets” of a plan investing in publicly offered notes issued by the issuing entity. Under the plan asset regulations, a plan’s
assets may be deemed to include an interest in the underlying assets of the issuing entity if the plan acquires an “equity interest” in the issuing entity and none of the exceptions in the plan asset regulations are applicable. In
general, an “equity interest” is defined under the plan asset regulations as any interest in an entity other than an instrument which is treated as indebtedness under applicable local law and which has no substantial equity features.
118
As described above, the depositor believes that the publicly offered notes will be treated
as indebtedness without substantial equity features for purposes of the plan asset regulations. This assessment is based on the traditional debt features of the publicly offered notes, including the reasonable expectation of purchasers of the
publicly offered notes that the publicly offered notes will be repaid when due, traditional default remedies, and on the absence of conversion rights, warrants and other typical equity features.
Without regard to whether the publicly offered notes are treated as debt for ERISA purposes, the acquisition, holding or disposition of the
publicly offered notes by, on behalf of, or with the assets of, a plan could be considered to give rise to a direct or indirect prohibited transaction under ERISA or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code if the issuing entity, the owner
trustee, the trustee, any underwriter or any of their affiliates, including the sponsor, is or becomes a “party in interest” under ERISA or a “disqualified person” under Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code to the
plan. In this case, administrative exemptions from the prohibited transaction rules could apply to the acquisition, continued holding and disposition of publicly offered notes by, on behalf of, or with the assets of, a plan depending on the type and
circumstances of the plan fiduciary making the decision to acquire a publicly offered note and the relationship of the party in interest and the plan. Included among these exemptions are:
[TABLE:351]
[TABLE:352]
[TABLE:353]
[TABLE:354]
[TABLE:355]
In addition, Section 408(b)(17) of
ERISA and Section 4975(d)(20) of the Internal Revenue Code provide a statutory exemption for some transactions between a plan and a person that is a party in interest or disqualified person for a plan solely by reason of providing services to
the plan or having a relationship with a service provider as described in
sub-parts
(F)-(I) of Section 3(14) of ERISA (other than a party in interest or a disqualified person that is, or is an affiliate
of, a fiduciary for the assets of the plan involved in the transaction), if the plan pays no more than, and receives no less than, adequate consideration in connection with the transaction. However, even if the conditions in one or more of these
exemptions are met, the scope of relief may not necessarily cover all acts that might be construed as prohibited transactions.
Any plan
that acquires, holds or disposes of the publicly offered notes will be deemed to have represented and warranted that its acquisition, holding and disposition of the publicly offered notes will not constitute or result in a
non-exempt
prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code.
Due to the possibility that the issuing entity, depositor, sponsor, trustee, underwriters or any of their respective affiliates may receive
certain benefits in connection with the sale or holding of the publicly offered notes, the acquisition of the publicly offered notes using plan assets over which any of these parties or their affiliates has investment authority, or renders
investment advice for a fee with respect to the assets of the plan, or is the employer or other sponsor of the plan, might be deemed to be a violation of a provision of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code. Accordingly,
the offered notes may not be acquired or held by, on behalf of, or with the assets of, any plan if the issuing entity, depositor, sponsor, trustee, underwriters or any of their respective affiliates has investment authority, or renders investment
advice for a fee with respect to the assets of the plan, or is the employer
119
or other sponsor of the plan, unless an applicable prohibited transaction exemption is available to cover the acquisition, holding and disposition of the offered notes or the transaction is not
otherwise prohibited.
Benefit Plans Not Subject to ERISA or the Internal Revenue Code
Some employee benefit plans, such as governmental plans, foreign plans and some church plans (each as defined or described in ERISA) are not
subject to ERISA and Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code. However, these plans may be subject to other federal, state, local,
non-U.S.
or other laws or regulations that are substantially similar to
ERISA or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code (“
Similar Law
”). In addition, a plan that is qualified and exempt from taxation under Sections 401(a) and 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code is subject to the
prohibited transaction rules in Section 503 of the Internal Revenue Code. Each plan that is subject to Similar Law, and each person acting on behalf of or investing the assets of the plan, that acquires, holds or disposes of publicly offered
notes will be deemed to have represented and warranted that its acquisition, holding and disposition of the publicly offered notes will not constitute or result in a violation of any Similar Law.
Pool Factors
The “pool factor” for each note is a seven-digit decimal, which the servicer will compute prior to each distribution. The pool
factor indicates the remaining outstanding principal amount of a class of notes as of the applicable distribution date, as a fraction of the initial principal amount of the notes. Each pool factor will be initially 1.0000000, and thereafter will
decline to reflect reductions in the outstanding principal amount of the applicable note.
A noteholder’s portion of the aggregate
outstanding principal amount of the related note is the product of:
The noteholders of record will receive reports on or about each distribution date concerning:
In addition, noteholders of record during any calendar year will be furnished information for tax reporting purposes not later than the latest
date permitted by law.
Legal Investment
Money Market Investment
The
Class A-1
Notes will be structured to be eligible for purchase by money market funds under Rule
2a-7
under the 1940 Act. Rule
2a-7
includes additional criteria for investments by money market funds, including requirements relating to portfolio maturity, quality and diversification. Any determinations as to the qualification of the
Class A-1
Notes under, and compliance with, these other requirements of Rule
2a-7
are solely the responsibility of each money market fund and its investment
advisor.
120
A money market fund should consider whether an investment by the money market fund in the
Class A-1
Notes satisfies the money market fund’s investment policies and objectives, and should consult its own legal advisors in determining whether and to what extent the
Class A-1
Notes are a legal investment or are subject to restrictions on investment.
E.U. and U.K.
Securitization Requirements
In the European Union and in other countries that are currently in the EEA, certain restrictions and
obligations with regard to securitizations are imposed pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2017/2402 and related technical standards (in each case, as amended, and collectively, the “
E.U. Securitization Rules
”). These include
certain requirements imposed on institutional investors, as defined for purposes of the E.U. Securitization Rules.
In the U.K., certain
restrictions and obligations with regard to securitizations are imposed pursuant to the Securitisation Regulations 2024 and related rules made by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority and certain provisions of the
FSMA (in each case, as amended, and collectively, the “
U.K. Securitization Rules
”). These include certain requirements imposed on institutional investors, as defined for purposes of the U.K. Securitization Rules.
None of the sponsor, the depositor, the issuing entity or any other party to the securitization transaction described in this prospectus will
undertake, or intends, to retain a material net economic interest in such securitization in a manner that would satisfy, or enable any investor to comply with, the requirements of the E.U. Securitization Rules or the U.K. Securitization Rules. In
addition, no such party will undertake, or intends, to take any other action, or refrain from taking any action, prescribed or contemplated in, or for purposes of, or in connection with, compliance by any investor with any applicable requirement of,
the E.U. Securitization Rules or the U.K. Securitization Rules. Moreover, the arrangements described under “
Credit Risk Retention
” have not been structured with the objective of enabling or facilitating compliance by any person
with any requirement of the E.U. Securitization Rules or the U.K. Securitization Rules.
Consequently, the notes may not be a suitable
investment for any person that is now or may in the future be subject to any requirement of the E.U. Securitization Rules or the U.K. Securitization Rules.
The E.U. Securitization Rules and the U.K. Securitization Rules may have a negative impact on the value and liquidity of the notes, and this
may affect, amongst other things, the secondary market for the notes.
Prospective investors and noteholders are responsible for analyzing
their own regulatory position, and are encouraged (where relevant) to consult their own investment and legal advisors regarding the E.U. Securitization Rules, the U.K. Securitization Rules and any equivalent or similar requirements and the
suitability of the notes for investment.
Volcker Rule Considerations
The issuing entity will be relying on an exclusion or exemption under the 1940 Act contained in Section 3(c)(5) of the 1940 Act, although
there may be additional exclusions or exemptions available to the issuing entity. The issuing entity is being structured so as not to constitute a “covered fund” for purposes of the regulations adopted to implement Section 619 of
the Dodd-Frank Act (such statutory provision together with such implementing regulations, the “
Volcker Rule
”).
121
Legal Proceedings
The Sponsor and the Servicer
The
sponsor is subject to various pending and potential legal and regulatory proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including litigation, arbitration, claims, investigations, examinations, subpoenas and enforcement proceedings. Some litigation
against the sponsor could take the form of class actions. The outcome of these proceedings is inherently uncertain, and thus the sponsor cannot confidently predict how or when these proceedings will be resolved. An adverse outcome in one or more of
these proceedings could result in substantial damages, settlements, fines, penalties, diminished income or reputational harm to the sponsor, and could materially and adversely affect the interests of the noteholders or the servicer’s ability
to perform its duties under the Transaction Documents.
The Trustee and the Trust Collateral Agent
In the ordinary course of business, The Bank of New York Mellon is named as a defendant in legal actions. In connection with its role as
trustee of certain residential mortgage-backed securitization, or RMBS, transactions, The Bank of New York Mellon has been named as a defendant in a number of legal actions brought by RMBS investors. These lawsuits allege that the trustee had
expansive duties under the governing agreements, including the duty to investigate and pursue breach of representation and warranty claims against other parties to the RMBS transactions. While it is inherently difficult to predict the eventual
outcomes of pending actions, The Bank of New York Mellon denies liability and intends to defend the litigations vigorously. The Bank of New York Mellon has provided the information in the preceding paragraph for purposes of complying with Regulation
AB. Other than this paragraph and the first paragraph under the heading “
The Trustee and Trust Collateral Agent
”, The Bank of New York Mellon has not participated in the preparation of, and is not responsible for, any other
information contained in this prospectus.
The Owner Trustee
WTC is subject to various legal proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of business. WTC does not believe that the
ultimate resolution of any of these proceedings will have a materially adverse effect on its services as owner trustee.
WTC has provided
the information in the preceding paragraph for purposes of complying with Regulation AB. Other than the above paragraph, and except as described under “
The Owner Trustee
,” WTC has not participated in the preparation of, and is not
responsible for, any other information contained in this prospectus.
Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions
In the ordinary course of business from time to time, the sponsor and its affiliates have business relationships and
agreements with affiliates of the owner trustee and the trustee, including commercial banking, committed credit facilities, underwriting agreements, hedging agreements and financial advisory services, all on arm’s length terms and conditions.
The owner trustee is not an affiliate of any of the depositor, the sponsor, the servicer, the issuing entity or the trustee. However, the
owner trustee and one or more of its affiliates may, from time to time, engage in arm’s length transactions with the depositor, the sponsor, the trustee, or affiliates of any of them, that are distinct from its role as owner trustee, including
transactions both related and unrelated to the securitization of automobile loan contracts.
The trustee is not an affiliate of any of the
depositor, the sponsor, the servicer, the issuing entity or the owner trustee. However, the trustee and one or more of its affiliates may, from time to time, engage in arm’s length transactions with the depositor, the sponsor, the owner
trustee, the sponsor or
122
affiliates of any of them, that are distinct from its role as trustee, including transactions both related and unrelated to the securitization of automobile loan contracts.
The sponsor, the depositor and the servicer are affiliates and also engage in other transactions with each other involving securitizations and
sales of automobile loan contracts.
Credit Risk Retention
The risk retention regulations in Regulation RR of the Exchange Act require the sponsor, either directly or through its majority-owned
affiliates, to retain a 5% economic interest in the credit risk of the automobile loan contracts as of the closing date. The depositor, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the sponsor, intends to retain an “eligible horizontal residual
interest” in the issuing entity issued as part of this securitization transaction, and, to the extent described below under “—
Retained Eligible Vertical Interest
”, an “eligible vertical interest” in each
class of notes, to satisfy the sponsor’s obligations under Regulation RR. As described further below, should retention of the “eligible horizontal residual interest” fail to satisfy the sponsor’s risk retention obligations
under Regulation RR as determined by the sponsor at or prior to the time of pricing, the depositor would also expect to retain an “eligible vertical interest” in the form of a percentage of each class of notes in an amount necessary for
the sum of the fair value of the “eligible horizontal residual interest” and the amount of the “eligible vertical interest” to at least equal the required risk retention amount.
The portion of the notes that are retained in order to satisfy the requirements of Regulation RR will not be transferred, hedged or financed
except as permitted by Regulation RR.
Retained Eligible Horizontal Residual Interest
In general, the residual interest in the issuing entity represents the rights to the overcollateralization, amounts remaining in the reserve
account and excess spread, in all cases to the extent those amounts are eligible for distribution in accordance with the Transaction Documents and are not needed to make payments on the notes or cover losses on the automobile loan contracts. Because
the residual interest is subordinated to each class of notes and is only entitled to amounts that are not needed on a distribution date to make payments on the notes or to make other required payments or deposits according to the priorities of
payments described in “
Description of the Transaction Documents—Distributions
—
Distribution Date Payments
” and “—
Distribution Date Payment Priorities Will Change After Certain Events
,”
the residual interest absorbs all losses on a given distribution date on the automobile loan contracts by reduction of, first, the excess spread, second, the overcollateralization and, third, the amounts in the reserve account, before any losses are
incurred by the notes. See “
Description of the Transaction Documents—Credit Enhancement
” for a description of the credit enhancement available for the notes, including the excess spread, overcollateralization and reserve
account. The Class C Notes are the most subordinate class of notes and will absorb losses after the residual interest.
The
depositor’s retention of the residual certificate, which represents the residual interest in the issuing entity (the “
retained interest
”) is intended to satisfy the requirements for an “eligible horizontal
residual interest” under Regulation RR. The depositor, or another majority-owned affiliate of the sponsor, is required to retain, and will retain, this retained interest until the latest of (i) two years from the closing date,
(ii) the date the Pool Balance is
one-third
or less of the initial Pool Balance, or (iii) the date the principal amount of the notes is
one-third
or less of
the original principal amount of the notes. None of the sponsor, the depositor or any of their affiliates will hedge their exposure to the retained interest during this period other than as permitted by Regulation RR. See
“
The
Issuing Entity
” and
“
Description of the Notes
”
in this prospectus for a description of the material terms of the residual certificate that will be retained to satisfy the eligible horizontal residual
interest option.
For purposes of determining compliance with Regulation RR, the estimated fair values of the notes and the residual
interest are as follows. The totals in the table may not sum due to rounding:
123
The expected range of the fair values of the residual interest was determined using observable and
unobservable inputs within a discounted cashflow model in accordance with the fair value assessment under generally accepted accounting principles. In assessing fair value, the use of observable and unobservable inputs and their significance in
measuring fair value are reflected in the fair value hierarchy assessment, with Level 1 inputs favored over Level 3 inputs.
[TABLE:363]
[TABLE:364]
[TABLE:365]
The fair value of the notes is categorized within
Level 2 of the hierarchy, reflecting the use of inputs derived from prices for similar instruments. The fair value of the residual interest is categorized within Level 3 of the hierarchy as inputs to the fair value calculation are
generally not observable.
The fair value of the notes is assumed to equal the initial principal amount of each class set forth in the
table on the front cover of this prospectus. The assumed interest rate ranges are based on recent market pricings of similar automobile
loan-backed
securitizations with similar note tenors, as detailed in the
following table:
[TABLE:366]
In addition to the assumptions that appear under “
Yield and Prepayment Considerations
,”
except with respect to clauses (i), (iii), (iv) and (v), the sponsor made the following assumptions in the discounted cashflow model:
[TABLE:367]
[TABLE:368]
124
[TABLE:369]
[TABLE:370]
[TABLE:372]
[TABLE:373]
The sponsor developed these inputs and assumptions considering the following factors:
The sponsor believes that the inputs and assumptions described above are all of the inputs and assumptions that could have a significant
impact on the fair value calculations described above and provide a prospective noteholder with information that is sufficient to evaluate the fair value calculation. The fair value of the notes and the residual interest was calculated based on the
assumptions described above, including the assumptions regarding the characteristics and performance of the automobile loan contracts, that will likely differ from the actual characteristics and performance of the automobile loan contracts. You
should be sure you understand these assumptions when considering the fair value calculation.
The sponsor will recalculate the fair value
of the notes and the residual interest following the closing date to reflect the issuance of the notes and any material changes in the methodology or inputs and assumptions described above. The first distribution report filed on Form
10-D
after the closing date will include the fair value of the retained interest (i) as a dollar amount and (ii) as a percentage of the sum of the fair value of the notes and the residual interest on the
closing date, together with a description of any material changes in the methodology or inputs and assumptions that were used to calculate the fair value.
125
Retained Eligible Vertical Interest
Should the sponsor need to retain additional credit risk in order to satisfy its risk retention obligations on the closing date, the depositor
will retain a percentage of each class of notes greater than or equal to the excess of the required risk retention amount over the fair value of the “eligible horizontal residual interest”. By retaining the eligible vertical interest,
the depositor will be a noteholder of each class of notes and will be entitled to receive a percentage of all payments of interest and principal made on each class of notes and, if there is a shortfall in Available Funds available to make payments
to any class of notes, will bear a pro rata amount of those shortfalls. Each class of notes retained by the depositor as part of the eligible vertical interest will have the same terms as all other notes in that class, except that the notes retained
by the depositor will be deemed not to be outstanding for purposes of determining whether a required percentage of any class of notes have taken any action under the indenture or any other Transaction Document. For a description of the notes and the
credit enhancement available for the notes, you should read “
Description of the Notes—Payments of Interest
”, “
Description of the Notes—Payments of Principal
”, “
Description of the Transaction
Documents—Distributions—Distribution Date Payments
”, and “
Description of the Transaction Documents—Credit Enhancement
.”
Ratings
The sponsor has engaged two NRSROs to assign credit ratings to the publicly offered notes.
The ratings of the publicly offered notes will address the likelihood of the payment of principal and interest on the publicly offered notes
according to their terms. Each engaged NRSRO will monitor the ratings using its normal surveillance procedures. Each engaged NRSRO, in its discretion, may change, qualify or withdraw an assigned rating at any time as to any class of publicly offered
notes. Any rating action taken by one engaged NRSRO may not necessarily be taken by another engaged NRSRO. No transaction party will be responsible for monitoring any changes to the ratings on the publicly offered notes.
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time for any
reason. There can be no assurances that the engaged NRSROs will not lower or withdraw the ratings. No person or entity will be obligated to provide any additional credit enhancement with respect to the publicly offered notes. Any withdrawal of a
rating may have an adverse effect on the liquidity and market price of the publicly offered notes. The ratings assigned to the publicly offered notes address the likelihood of the receipt by the noteholders of all distributions to which the
noteholders are entitled by their respective final scheduled distribution dates. The ratings assigned to the publicly offered notes do not represent any assessment of the likelihood that principal prepayments might differ from those originally
anticipated or address the possibility that noteholders might suffer a lower than anticipated yield.
126
Underwriting
Under the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the underwriting agreement for the sale of the publicly offered notes, each of the
underwriters has agreed, severally and not jointly, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, to purchase the principal amount of the publicly offered notes set forth opposite its name below:
(1)
The allocation of the aggregate initial principal
amount of the
Class A-2
Notes between the
Class A-2-A
and the
Class A-2-B
Notes will be determined on or before the date of pricing. The aggregate principal amount of the
Class A-2-A
Notes and the
Class A-2-B
Notes will be $475,400,000.
The underwriters have advised the depositor that they propose initially to offer the publicly offered notes to the public at the prices listed
below, and to dealers at prices less the initial concessions listed below:
[TABLE:378]
(1) Before deducting expenses, estimated to be $1,000,000.
Any class of notes may also be retained by the depositor or an affiliate of the depositor. Retained notes may be sold, subject to the
requirements set forth in the indenture, from time to time to purchasers directly by the depositor or through underwriters, broker-dealers or agents who may receive compensation in the form of discounts, concessions or commissions from the depositor
or the purchasers of the notes. If the retained notes are sold through underwriters or broker-dealers, the depositor will be responsible for discounts or commissions or agent’s commissions. The retained notes may be sold in one or more
transactions at fixed prices, prevailing market prices at the time of sale, varying prices determined at the time of sale or negotiated prices.
The underwriting agreement provides that the sponsor will reimburse the underwriters for certain expenses and the sponsor and the depositor
will indemnify the underwriters against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act.
No action has been taken by
the issuing entity or the underwriters which would or is intended to permit an offer of notes to the public in any country or jurisdiction (other than the United States of
127
America) where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no offer or sale of any notes has been authorized in any country or jurisdiction (other than the United States of America) where
action for that purpose is required and neither this prospectus nor any other circular, prospectus, form of application, advertisement or other material may be distributed in or from or published in any country or jurisdiction (other than the United
States of America), except under circumstances which will result in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
Upon receiving a
request by an investor who has received an electronic prospectus from an underwriter or a request by the investor’s representative within the period during which there is an obligation to deliver a prospectus, the underwriter will promptly
deliver, or cause to be delivered, without charge, a paper copy of this prospectus.
The depositor or its affiliates may apply all or any
portion of the net proceeds of this offering to the repayment of debt, including “warehouse” debt secured by the automobile loan contracts prior to their sale to the issuing entity. One or more of the underwriters, or their respective
affiliates or entities for which their respective affiliates act as administrator and/or provide liquidity lines, may have acted as a “warehouse lender” to its affiliates, and may receive a portion of the proceeds as a repayment of the
“warehouse” debt. Because more than 10% of the net offering proceeds of the offering may be paid to the underwriters or their respective affiliates or associated persons, this offering is being made pursuant to the provisions of Rule
5121 of the Conduct Rules of the National Association of Securities Dealers.
Until the distribution of the publicly offered notes is
completed, the rules of the SEC may limit the ability of the underwriters and certain selling group members to bid for and purchase the publicly offered notes. As an exception to these rules, the underwriters are permitted to engage in certain
transactions that stabilize the price of the publicly offered notes. Such transactions consist of bids or purchases for the purpose of pegging, fixing or maintaining the price of the publicly offered notes.
Subject to applicable law, including Securities Act Rule 192, which prohibits certain conflicts of interest transactions, the underwriters may
create a short position in the publicly offered notes in connection with this offering (i.e., they sell more publicly offered notes than the related initial principal amount set forth on the cover page of this prospectus). In such a case, the
underwriters may reduce that short position by purchasing publicly offered notes in the open market. The interests of the underwriters may not be aligned with the interests of the noteholders and such activities may cause or lead to potential
conflicts of interests. In general, purchases of a security for the purpose of stabilization or to reduce a short position could cause the price of the security to be higher than it might be in the absence of such purchases.
None of the depositor, the servicer, the issuing entity or any of the underwriters makes any representation or prediction as to the direction
or magnitude of any effect that any of the transactions described above might have on the price of the publicly offered notes. In addition, none of the depositor, the servicer, the issuing entity or any of the underwriters makes any representation
that the underwriters will engage in such transactions or that such transactions, if commenced, will not be discontinued without notice.
There is currently no secondary market for the publicly offered notes and it should not be assumed that one will develop. The underwriters
currently expect (based on capabilities), but are not obligated, to make a market in the publicly offered notes. In addition, the underwriters may be unable to make a market in the notes due to regulatory developments. It should not be assumed that
any such market will develop, or if one does develop, that it will continue or provide sufficient liquidity.
In the ordinary course of
their respective businesses, the underwriters and their respective affiliates have engaged and may in the future engage in investment banking or commercial banking transactions with the sponsor, General Motors Financial and their respective
affiliates.
128
United Kingdom
Each underwriter has represented and agreed severally and not jointly that:
Prohibition on Sales to U.K. Retail Investors
(1)  it has not offered, sold, distributed or otherwise made available, and will not offer, sell, distribute or otherwise make
available, any notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this prospectus to any U.K. Retail Investor in the U.K. For these purposes:
(a) the expression “
U.K. Retail Investor
” means a person who is one or both of the
following:
[TABLE:379]
(b) the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the
terms of the offer and the notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to buy or subscribe for the notes;
Other U.K. Regulatory
Restrictions
(2)  in the U.K., it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of FSMA
does not apply to the issuing entity and/or the depositor; and
(3)  it has complied and will comply with all applicable
provisions of FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any notes in, from or otherwise involving the U.K.
European Economic Area
Each underwriter has represented and agreed severally and not jointly that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this prospectus to any E.U. Retail Investor in the EEA. For these purposes, the expression “
E.U. Retail
Investor
” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(1)  a retail client, as defined in point
(11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(2)  a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(3)  not an E.U. Qualified Investor.
In addition, for purposes of this provision, the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the notes.
129
Legal Opinions
In addition to the legal opinions described in the prospectus, certain federal income tax and other matters will be passed upon for the
depositor and the issuing entity by Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP, New York, New York and Washington, D.C. Certain legal matters relating to the notes will be passed upon for the underwriters by Sidley Austin LLP, New York, New York.
Incorporation by Reference
The sponsor or the issuing entity will, from time to time, file various items with the SEC relating to the issuing entity and the notes
offered by this prospectus. These items will include the definitive legal documents used for each issuance, definitive prospectus and computational materials, as well as periodic reports that the issuing entity will file, or the sponsor will file
for the issuing entity, for so long as the issuing entity is subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.
All of these
items will be incorporated by reference into the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, which means, among other things, that those items are considered to be a part of this registration statement for purposes of the federal
securities laws. These items will be publicly available through the SEC as described under “
Where You Can Find More Information.
”
Financial Information
The trust property will secure the notes, however, the issuing entity will not engage in any business activities or have any assets or
obligations prior to the issuance of the notes.
130
Glossary
“
Adjusted Pool Balance
” means, (x) for any distribution date, the Pool Balance as of the last day of the related collection
period less the Yield Supplement Overcollateralization Amount with respect to such distribution date and (y) with regard to the cutoff date, the Pool Balance as of the cutoff date less the Yield Supplement Overcollateralization Amount as of the
cutoff date.
“
Aggregate Principal Balance
” means, with respect to any date of determination, the sum of the Principal Balances
for all automobile loan contracts (other than automobile loan contracts that became Liquidated Receivables and Purchased Automobile Loan Contracts prior to the end of the related collection period) as of such date of determination.
“
Amount Financed
”
means, for any automobile loan contract, the aggregate amount loaned toward the purchase price of the
financed vehicle and any related costs, including amounts advanced at the time the automobile loan contract is originated for:
“
Available Funds
” means, for any distribution date, the sum of (without duplication):
plus
plus
plus
plus
“
Collected Funds
”
means, for any calendar month, the amount of funds in the
collection account representing automobile loan contract collections during the calendar month, including all Net Liquidation Proceeds collected during the calendar month, but excluding any Purchase Amounts.
131
“
Controlling Class
” means, (i) the Class A Notes so long as any class of
the Class A Notes are Outstanding, (ii) if no class of Class A Notes are Outstanding, the Class B Notes and (iii) if no Class A Notes or Class B Notes are Outstanding, the Class C Notes.
“
Cram Down Loss
” means, for any automobile loan contract that has not become a Liquidated Receivable, if the servicer expects the
Principal Balance or effective rate of interest on the automobile loan contract to be reduced by a court of appropriate jurisdiction in an insolvency proceeding, the servicer’s estimate of the reduction in the Principal Balance that will be so
ordered by the court.
“
First Priority Principal Distribution Amount
” means, with respect to any distribution date, an amount
equal to the excess, if any, of (a) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Class A Notes as of such distribution date (before giving effect to any principal payments made on the Class A Notes on such distribution date),
over (b) the Adjusted Pool Balance for such distribution date; provided, however, that (i) the First Priority Principal Distribution Amount on the final scheduled distribution date of the
Class A-1
Notes shall not be less than the amount that is necessary to reduce the outstanding principal amount of the
Class A-1
Notes to zero; (ii) the
First Priority Principal Distribution Amount on the final scheduled distribution date of the
Class A-2
Notes shall not be less than the amount that is necessary to reduce the aggregate outstanding
principal amount of the
Class A-2
Notes to zero; (iii) the First Priority Principal Distribution Amount on the final scheduled distribution date of the
Class A-3
Notes shall not be less than the amount that is necessary to reduce the outstanding principal amount of the
Class A-3
Notes to zero; and
(iv) the First Priority Principal Distribution Amount on the final scheduled distribution date of the
Class A-4
Notes shall not be less than the amount that is necessary to reduce the outstanding
principal amount of the
Class A-4
Notes to zero.
“
Force Majeure Event
” means an
act of God or other forces beyond control, acts of declared or undeclared war (including acts of terrorism), civil or military disturbances, nuclear or natural catastrophes, public disorder, strikes, work stoppages, rebellion or sabotage,
interruptions, loss or malfunctions of utilities, epidemics, pandemics, landslides, lightning, fire, hurricanes, earthquakes, floods or similar causes.
“
Liquidated Receivable
” means, for any calendar month, an automobile loan contract for which, as of the last day of the calendar
month:
[TABLE:391]
[TABLE:393]
“
Majority Noteholders
” means the holders of notes representing a majority of the outstanding principal amount of the Controlling
Class.
“
Net Liquidation Proceeds
” means, for Liquidated Receivables:
plus
132
plus
plus
minus
“
Noteholders’ Interest Carryover Amount
” means, for any class of notes and any determination date, all
or any portion of the Noteholders’ Interest Distributable Amount for that class of notes for the immediately preceding distribution date, that remains unpaid as of the determination date, plus, to the extent permitted by law, interest on the
unpaid amount at the interest rate paid by the class of notes from the preceding distribution date to but excluding the related distribution date.
“
Noteholders’ Interest Distributable Amount
” means, for any distribution date, the sum of the Noteholders’ Monthly
Interest Distributable Amount for each class of notes for such distribution date and the Noteholders’ Interest Carryover Amount, if any, for each class of notes, calculated as of such distribution date.
“
Noteholders’ Monthly Interest Distributable Amount
” means, for any distribution date and any class of notes, the interest
accrued at the respective interest rate during the applicable interest period that shall accrue (i) on the principal amount of the notes of such class Outstanding as of the end of the prior distribution date or, in the case of the first
distribution date, as of the closing date and (ii) on either an “actual/360” basis (with respect to the
Class A-1
Notes and the
Class A-2-B
Notes) or, a “30/360” basis (with respect to all other notes).
“
Noteholders’ Principal Distributable Amount
”
for a distribution date will equal the lesser of:
minus
“
Outstanding
” means, as of any date of determination, all notes that are authenticated and delivered under the indenture except for
(i) notes that have been canceled, (ii) notes where the necessary amount of money in the necessary amount has been deposited with the trustee in trust for the related noteholders, and (iii) notes in exchange for which other notes have
been authenticated and delivered pursuant to the indenture unless proof satisfactory to the trustee is presented that any such notes are held by a bona fide purchaser;
provided, however,
that in determining whether the noteholders have given
any request, demand,
133
authorization, direction, notice, consent or waiver under any Transaction Document, notes owned by the issuing entity, any other obligor upon the notes, the depositor or any affiliate of any of
the foregoing entities shall be disregarded and deemed not to be Outstanding.
“
Pool Balance
”
means, as of any
date of determination, the aggregate Principal Balance of the automobile loan contracts, excluding all Liquidated Receivables and all Purchased Automobile Loan Contracts, at the end of the preceding calendar month.
“
Principal Balance
” means, for any automobile loan contract as of any date of determination, the dollar amount equal to:
minus
plus
“
Pro Forma Note Balance
” means, for any distribution date, a dollar amount equal to the aggregate remaining principal amount of the
notes outstanding on the distribution date, after giving effect to distributions under clauses 1 through 9 under “
Description of the Transaction Documents — Distributions— Distribution
Date Payments.
”
“
Purchase Amount
” means, with respect to any Purchased Automobile Loan Contract, the Principal Balance as of the date of purchase.
“
Purchased Automobile Loan
Contract
”
means an automobile loan contract purchased as of the close of
business on the last day of a collection period by the depositor and subsequently by the sponsor as a result of a breach of a representation or warranty, or without repetition, by the servicer as the result of a breach of a covenant or by the
servicer or depositor as an exercise of its optional redemption right.
“
Required Pro Forma Note Balance
” means, for any
distribution date, a dollar amount equal to the excess of:
minus
“
Required Rate
” means (a) 6.40%, with respect to the cutoff date and any distribution date on or prior to the date on which the
Class A-2-B
Notes are paid in full, or, (b) 5.40%, with respect to any distribution date after the
Class A-2-B
Notes are paid in full, or, in each case, such other percentage approved by the engaged NRSROs. If no
Class A-2-B
Notes are issued, the Required Rate will step down from 6.40% to 5.40% on the first distribution date and remain at this level for each distribution date thereafter.
134
“
Second Priority Principal Distribution Amount
” means, with respect to any
distribution date, an amount equal to (a) the excess, if any, of (i) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes as of such distribution date (before giving effect to any principal
payments made on the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes on such distribution date), over (ii) the Adjusted Pool Balance for such distribution date, minus (b) the First Priority Principal Distribution Amount for such distribution
date; provided, however, that the Second Priority Principal Distribution Amount on the final scheduled distribution date of the Class B Notes shall not be less than the amount that is necessary to reduce the outstanding principal amount of the
Class B Notes to zero.
“
Sold Receivable
” means an automobile loan contract that was more than 60 days
delinquent and was sold to an unaffiliated third party by the issuing entity, at the servicer’s direction, as of the close of business on the last day of a collection period and in accordance with the terms of the sale and servicing agreement.
“
Third Priority Principal Distribution Amount
” means, with respect to any distribution date, an amount equal to (a) the
excess, if any, of (i) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Class A Notes, Class B Notes and Class C Notes as of such distribution date (before giving effect to any principal payments made on the Class A Notes,
Class B Notes and Class C Notes on such distribution date), over (ii) the Adjusted Pool Balance for such distribution date, minus (b) the sum of the First Priority Principal Distribution Amount and Second Priority Principal
Distribution Amount for such distribution date; provided, however, that the Third Priority Principal Distribution Amount on the final scheduled distribution date of the Class C Notes shall not be less than the amount that is necessary to reduce
the outstanding principal amount of the Class C Notes to zero.
“
Transaction Documents
” means the indenture, the
certificate of trust of the issuing entity, the trust agreement, the purchase agreement, the sale and servicing agreement, the underwriting agreement, the asset representations review agreement and other documents and certificates delivered in
connection therewith.
“
Yield Supplement Overcollateralization Amount
” means with respect to any calendar month and the related
distribution date, or with respect to the cutoff date, the aggregate amount by which the Principal Balance as of the last day of such calendar month or the cutoff date, as applicable, of each of the related automobile loan contracts with an annual
percentage rate as stated in the related contract of less than the Required Rate as of such date, other than a defaulted automobile loan contract, exceeds the present value, calculated using a discount rate equal to the Required Rate as of such
date, of each scheduled payment of each such automobile loan contract assuming such scheduled payment is made on the last day of each month and each month has 30 days.
135
Annex A
Static Pool Information
TABLE OF CONTENTS FOR ANNEX A
Introduction
Static Pool
Information – Prior Securitized Pools
Introduction
:
The tables in this Annex A contain information about prime automobile loan contracts previously securitized by GM Financial. This Annex A
includes performance activity through the date indicated on the respective table. Graphical representations of historical Cumulative Net Losses, 61+ Delinquencies and Prepayment (ABS) Speeds are presented following the tabular data.
The definitions of certain terms used in this Annex A are listed below. The definitions of other terms used in this Annex A are listed in the
Glossary in this prospectus.
A “
Credit Bureau Score
” is a
FICO
®
Auto Score generated by credit reporting agencies. The sponsor receives Credit Bureau Scores from various credit reporting agencies, depending on the location of the obligor.
The “
Cumulative Net Loss
” percentage for a securitization as of any particular month is equal to (i) the cumulative
amount that is represented by the principal balance of all automobile loan contracts that had become liquidated since the origination date, calculated as of the end of the preceding month, less proceeds from the liquidation of the related vehicle
and any subsequent post-charge off recoveries since the origination date or cutoff date, as applicable, divided by (ii) the pool balance of all of the automobile loan contracts. For a more detailed description of the components of cumulative
net losses, refer to “Liquidated Receivable” and “Net Liquidation Proceeds” in the Glossary section of this prospectus.
A “
Custom Score
” is a proprietary credit score developed and utilized by the sponsor to support the credit approval process
and risk-based pricing. The scale of the Custom Score is not comparable to a Credit Bureau Score. A Custom Score may not be available for a small portion of accounts and those accounts are not included in the Custom Scores displayed in the tables in
this Annex A.
“
Delinquency
” percentages represent the aggregate outstanding balance of delinquent automobile loan
contracts in a securitized pool at the end of a specified number of months since the applicable cutoff date as a percentage of the aggregate outstanding principal balance of all automobile loan contracts in the securitized pool at the end of that
monthly period. An automobile loan contract is considered delinquent when an obligor fails to make at least 90% of a scheduled automobile loan contract payment by the contractual payment due date. Automobile loan contracts that are included in a
delinquency period are based on the number of days payments are contractually past due (excluding (i) automobile loan contracts with respect to which the servicer has repossessed the related financed vehicle and (ii) automobile loan
contracts which have become Liquidated Receivables). Data is presented for three discrete periods of delinquency:
31-60
days,
61-90
days and
91-120
days past due.
A-1
A securitization’s “
Pool Factor
” represents the aggregate
month-end
principal balance of the automobile loan contracts in the securitized pool divided by the original principal balance of all automobile loan contracts in the pool.
“
Prepayment (ABS) Speeds
” are calculated based on actual prepayments on automobile loan contracts, meaning any principal
reductions related to the automobile loan contracts in excess of the scheduled principal payments for the automobile loan contracts for the applicable period. These include voluntary prepayments, payments from third parties, repurchases, and funds
not recovered due to charge-offs. The amount by which the actual
month-end
principal balance is lower than the scheduled
month-end
principal balance is the
prepayment amount. The Prepayment (ABS) Speed follows the Bond Market Association standard formula for computing ABS prepayment speeds. The single monthly mortality rate or “SMM,” representing the percentage of remaining loans that
prepay each month, is divided by the age (in months) of the remaining pool balance less one, times the SMM, plus one, to determine the Prepayment Speed. The first reported prepayment speed for any trust may reflect an extended collection period
depending on the timing differential between the respective cutoff date and the end of the first collection period.
“
Wholesale
LTV
” is calculated using the total amount financed under an automobile loan contract, which may include taxes, title fees and ancillary products, over the wholesale auction value of the related financed vehicle at the time the vehicle is
financed. The vehicle value at origination is determined using NADA or “Kelley Blue Book
Trade-in”
prices for used vehicles or dealer invoice/dealer wholesale prices for new vehicles.
Notwithstanding the fact that GM Financial originated all of the automobile loan contracts that were included in each prior securitization
that is described in this Annex A and also originated all of the automobile loan contracts that are described in the prospectus to which this Annex A is attached, the original characteristics of each securitized pool will likely differ, in some
cases in material ways, from the pool of automobile loan contracts that is described in this prospectus. Nevertheless, GM Financial’s underwriting and origination procedures have remained relatively stable, however the overall credit mix has
evolved during the rollout of the prime loan platform.
The characteristics of the automobile loan contracts described in this Annex A may
vary from the characteristics of the automobile loan contracts owned by the issuing entity. For additional details regarding the automobile loan contracts that will be owned by the issuing entity, you should refer to “
The Automobile Loan
Contracts – Composition
” in this prospectus. These differences may make it unlikely that the pool described in this prospectus will perform in the same way that any automobile loan contracts described in this Annex A have performed.
There can be no assurance that the performance of automobile loan contracts in prior securitization transactions as outlined in this Annex A will correspond to, or be an accurate predictor of, the performance of this securitization transaction.
A-2
GM Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables Trust (GMCAR) ABS Information
Original Pool Characteristics
1
Credit bureau scores may not be available for a small portion of accounts and will not
be included in the tables above.
2
Percentages may not add to 100% due to rounding.
A-3
GM Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables Trust (GMCAR) ABS Information
Original Pool Characteristics (Continued)
1
Credit bureau scores may not be available for a small portion of accounts and will not
be included in the tables above.
2
Percentages may not add to 100% due to rounding.
A-4
GM Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables Trust (GMCAR) ABS Information
Original Pool Characteristics (Continued)
1
Credit bureau scores may not be available for a small portion of accounts and will not
be included in the tables above.
2
Percentages may not add to 100% due to rounding.
A-5
GM Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables Trust (GMCAR) ABS Information
Original Pool Characteristics (Continued)
1
Credit bureau scores may not be available for a small portion of accounts and will not
be included in the tables above.
2
Percentages may not add to 100% due to rounding.
A-6
GM Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables Trust (GMCAR) ABS Information
Distribution of the Automobile Loan Contracts by Geographic Location of the Obligor
Top 5 States as a Percentage of Original Pool Balance
A-7
GM Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables Trust (GMCAR) ABS Information
Cumulative Net Loss
As
of January 31, 2026
The calculation of Cumulative Net Losses is described on page
A-1
of this Annex A.
A-8
GM Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables Trust (GMCAR) ABS Information
Cumulative Net Loss
As
of January 31, 2026 (Continued)
The calculation of Cumulative Net Losses is described on page
A-1
of this Annex A.
A-9
GM Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables Trust (GMCAR) ABS Information
31-60
Day Delinquencies
(1)
As of January 31, 2026
The calculation of Delinquencies is described on page
A-2
of this Annex A.
(1) Automobile loan contracts with
respect to which the servicer has repossessed the related financed vehicle or that are classified as Liquidated Receivables, including automobile loan contracts that reach 120 days past due, are not included in this delinquency table.
A-10
GM Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables Trust (GMCAR) ABS Information
31-60
Day Delinquencies
(1)
As of January 31, 2026 (Continued)
The calculation of Delinquencies is described on page
A-2
of this Annex A.
(1) Automobile loan contracts with
respect to which the servicer has repossessed the related financed vehicle or that are classified as Liquidated Receivables, including automobile loan contracts that reach 120 days past due, are not included in this delinquency table.
A-11
GM Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables Trust (GMCAR) ABS Information
61-90
Day Delinquencies
(1)
As of January 31, 2026
The calculation of Delinquencies is described on page
A-2
of this Annex A.
(1) Automobile loan contracts with
respect to which the servicer has repossessed the related financed vehicle or that are classified as Liquidated Receivables, including automobile loan contracts that reach 120 days past due, are not included in this delinquency table.
A-12
GM Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables Trust (GMCAR) ABS Information
61-90
Day Delinquencies
(1)
As of January 31, 2026 (Continued)
The calculation of Delinquencies is described on page
A-2
of this Annex A.
(1) Automobile loan contracts with
respect to which the servicer has repossessed the related financed vehicle or that are classified as Liquidated Receivables, including automobile loan contracts that reach 120 days past due, are not included in this delinquency table.
A-13
GM Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables Trust (GMCAR) ABS Information
91-120
Day Delinquencies
(1)
As of January 31, 2026
The calculation of Delinquencies is described on page
A-2
of this Annex A.
(1) Automobile loan contracts with
respect to which the servicer has repossessed the related financed vehicle or that are classified as Liquidated Receivables, including automobile loan contracts that reach 120 days past due, are not included in this delinquency table.
A-14
GM Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables Trust (GMCAR) ABS Information
91-120
Day Delinquencies
(1)
As of January 31, 2026 (Continued)
The calculation of Delinquencies is described on page
A-2
of this Annex A.
(1) Automobile loan contracts with
respect to which the servicer has repossessed the related financed vehicle or that are classified as Liquidated Receivables, including automobile loan contracts that reach 120 days past due, are not included in this delinquency table.
A-15
GM Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables Trust (GMCAR) ABS Information
Prepayment (ABS) Speed
As of January 31, 2026
The calculation of Prepayment (ABS) Speeds is described on page
A-2
of this Annex A.
A-16
GM Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables Trust (GMCAR) ABS Information
Prepayment (ABS) Speed
As of January 31, 2026 (Continued)
The calculation of Prepayment (ABS) Speeds is described on page
A-2
of this Annex A.
A-17
GM Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables Trust (GMCAR) ABS Information
Pool Factor
As of
January 31, 2026
The calculation of Pool Factors is described on page
A-2
of this Annex A.
A-18
GM Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables Trust (GMCAR) ABS Information
Pool Factor
As of
January 31, 2026 (Continued)
The calculation of Pool Factors is described on page
A-2
of this Annex A.
A-19
Cumulative Net Loss
The graphs below depict Cumulative Net Losses for each month after closing for each of the sponsor’s securitizations related to its GMCAR platform for
the past five years.
The calculation of Cumulative Net Loss is described on page
A-1
of this Annex A.
2021 GMCAR Securitized Pools
2022 GMCAR Securitized Pools
A-20
2023 GMCAR Securitized Pools
2024 GMCAR Securitized Pools
A-21
2025 GMCAR Securitized Pools
2026 GMCAR Securitized Pools
A-22
61+ Delinquencies
The graphs below depict 61+ Delinquencies for each month after closing for each of the sponsor’s securitizations related to its GMCAR platform for the
past five years.
The calculation of Delinquency is described on page
A-2
of this Annex A.
2021 GMCAR Securitized Pools
2022 GMCAR Securitized Pools
A-23
2023 GMCAR Securitized Pools
2024 GMCAR Securitized Pools
A-24
2025 GMCAR Securitized Pools
2026 GMCAR Securitized Pools
A-25
Prepayment (ABS) Speeds
The graphs below depict Prepayment (ABS) Speeds for each month after closing for each of the sponsor’s securitizations related to its GMCAR platform for
the past five years.
The calculation of Prepayment (ABS) Speeds is described on page
A-2
of this Annex A.
2021 GMCAR Securitized Pools
2022 GMCAR Securitized Pools
A-26
2023 GMCAR Securitized Pools
2024 GMCAR Securitized Pools
A-27
2025 GMCAR Securitized Pools
2026 GMCAR Securitized Pools
A-28
Annex B
Clearance, Settlement and Tax Documentation Procedures
NOTICE TO INVESTORS: THIS ANNEX B IS AN INTEGRAL PART OF
THE PROSPECTUS TO WHICH IT IS ATTACHED.
Except in limited circumstances, the publicly offered notes will be available only in book-entry form. Investors in the publicly offered notes
may hold the publicly offered notes through DTC or Clearstream. The publicly offered notes will be tradable as home market instruments in both the European and U.S. domestic markets. Initial settlement and all secondary trades will settle in
same-day
funds.
Secondary market trading between investors through Clearstream will be conducted in the
ordinary way in accordance with the normal rules and operating procedures of Clearstream and in accordance with conventional eurobond practice, which is seven calendar day settlement.
Secondary market trading between investors through DTC will be conducted according to DTC’s rules and procedures applicable to U.S.
corporate debt obligations.
Secondary cross-market trading between Clearstream and DTC participants holding publicly offered notes will
be effected on a delivery-against-payment basis through the depositary of Clearstream and as DTC participants.
Non-U.S.
holders of global notes will be subject to U.S. withholding taxes unless the holders meet a number of requirements and deliver appropriate U.S. tax documents to the notes clearing organizations or their
participants.
Initial Settlement
All publicly offered notes will be held in book-entry form by DTC in the name of Cede & Co. as nominee of DTC. Investors’
interests in the publicly offered notes will be represented through financial institutions acting on their behalf as direct and indirect participants in DTC. As a result, Clearstream will hold positions on behalf of its participants through their
relevant depository which in turn will hold these positions in their accounts as DTC participants.
Investors electing to hold their
publicly offered notes through DTC will follow DTC settlement practices. Investor notes custody accounts will be credited with their holdings against payment in
same-day
funds on the settlement date.
Investors electing to hold their publicly offered notes through Clearstream accounts will follow the settlement procedures applicable to
conventional eurobonds, except that there will be no temporary security and no
lock-up
or restricted period. Publicly offered notes will be credited to the notes custody accounts on the settlement date against
payment in
same-day
funds.
Secondary Market Trading
Since the purchaser determines the place of delivery, it is important to establish at the time of the trade where both the purchaser’s
and seller’s accounts are located to ensure that settlement can be made on the desired value date.
B-1
Trading between DTC Participants
Secondary market trading between DTC participants will be settled using the procedures applicable to asset-backed notes issues in
same-day
funds.
Trading between Clearstream Participants
Secondary market trading between Clearstream participants will be settled using the procedures applicable to conventional eurobonds in
same-day
funds.
Trading between DTC, Seller and Clearstream Participants
When publicly offered notes are to be transferred from the account of a DTC participant to the account of a Clearstream participant, the
purchaser will send instructions to Clearstream through a Clearstream participant at least one business day prior to settlement. Clearstream will instruct the depository to receive the publicly offered notes against payment. Payment will include
interest accrued on the publicly offered notes from and including the last coupon distribution date to and excluding the settlement date, on the basis of the actual number of days in the accrual period and a year assumed to consist of 360 days. For
transactions settling on the 31st of the month, payment will include interest accrued to and excluding the first day of the following month. Payment will then be made by the depository to the DTC participant’s account against delivery of the
publicly offered notes. After settlement has been completed, the publicly offered notes will be credited to the clearing system and by the clearing system, in accordance with its usual procedures, to the Clearstream participant’s account. The
notes credit will appear the next day, European time and the cash debt will be back-valued to, and the interest on the global notes will accrue from, the value date, which would be the preceding day when settlement occurred in New York. If
settlement is not completed on the intended value date and the trade fails, the Clearstream cash debt will be valued instead as of the actual settlement date.
Clearstream participants will need to make available to the clearing system the funds necessary to process
same-day
funds settlement. The most direct means of doing so is to preposition funds for settlement, either from cash on hand or existing lines of credit, as they would for any settlement occurring within
Clearstream. Under this approach, they may take on credit exposure to Clearstream until the publicly offered notes are credited to their account one day later.
As an alternative, if Clearstream has extended a line of credit to them, Clearstream participants can elect not to preposition funds and allow
that credit line to be drawn upon to finance settlement. Under this procedure, Clearstream participants purchasing publicly offered notes would incur overdraft charges for one day, assuming they cleared the overdraft when the publicly offered notes
were credited to their accounts. However, interest on the publicly offered notes would accrue from the value date. Therefore, in many cases the investment income on the global notes earned during that
one-day
period may substantially reduce or offset the amount of the overdraft charges, although the result will depend on each Clearstream participant’s particular cost of funds.
Since the settlement is taking place during New York business hours, DTC participants can employ their usual procedures for crediting global
notes to the European depository for the benefit of Clearstream participants. The sale proceeds will be available to the DTC seller on the settlement date. Thus, to the DTC participants a cross-market transaction will settle no differently than a
trade between two DTC participants.
B-2
Trading between Clearstream Seller and DTC Purchaser
Due to time zone differences in their favor, Clearstream participants may employ their customary procedures for transactions in which publicly
offered notes are to be transferred by the respective clearing system, through the respective depository, to a DTC participant. The seller will send instructions to Clearstream through a Clearstream participant at least one business day prior to
settlement. In these cases Clearstream will instruct the depository, as appropriate, to credit the publicly offered notes to the DTC participant’s account against payment. Payment will include interest accrued on the publicly offered notes
from and including the last interest payment to and excluding the settlement date on the basis of a
360-day
year and the actual number of days elapsed in the accrual period (with respect to the
Class A-1
Notes and
Class A-2-B
Notes) and on the basis of a
360-day
year consisting
of twelve
30-day
months (with respect to all other notes). For transactions settling on the 31st of the month, payment will include interest accrued to and excluding the first day of the following month. The
payment will then be reflected in the account of Clearstream participant the following day, and receipt of the cash proceeds in the Clearstream participant’s account would be back-valued to the value date, which would be the preceding day,
when settlement occurred in New York. In the event that the Clearstream participant has a line of credit with its clearing system and elects to be in debt in anticipation of receipt of the sale proceeds in its account, the back-valuation will
extinguish any overdraft incurred over that
one-day
period. If settlement is not completed on the intended value date and the trade fails, receipt of the cash proceeds in the Clearstream participant’s
account would instead be valued as of the actual settlement date.
Finally, day traders that use Clearstream that purchase global notes
from DTC participants for delivery to Clearstream participants may wish to note that these trades would automatically fail on the sale side unless affirmative action is taken. At least three techniques should be readily available to eliminate this
potential problem:
Certain U.S. Federal
Income Tax Documentation Requirements
A beneficial owner of publicly offered notes holding such notes through Clearstream or DTC
if the holder has an address outside of the United States will be subject to the 30% U.S. federal withholding tax that generally applies to payments of interest, including OID, on registered debt issued by U.S. Persons, unless:
B-3
This summary does not deal with all aspects of U.S. federal income tax withholding that may
be relevant to foreign holders of the publicly offered notes, including U.S. federal withholding tax under FATCA, as well as the application of the withholding tax regulations. You are encouraged to consult your own tax advisors for specific advice
regarding the holding and disposing of the publicly offered notes. For further discussion of U.S. federal withholding tax under FATCA, see “
Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences—Payments to Foreign Financial Institutions and
Certain Other
Non-U.S.
Entities
” in this prospectus.
Exemption for
Non-U.S.
Persons – IRS Form
W-8BEN
or IRS Form
W-8BEN-E
Beneficial owners of publicly offered notes that are
Non-U.S.
Persons, as defined below, generally can
obtain a complete exemption from the U.S. federal income withholding tax by providing a duly executed IRS Form
W-8BEN,
Certificate of Foreign Status of Beneficial Owner for United States Tax Withholding and
Reporting (Individuals), or IRS Form
W-8BEN-E,
Certificate of Status of Beneficial Owner for United States Tax Withholding and Reporting (Entities), as applicable.
Generally, an IRS Form
W-8BEN
or IRS Form
W-8BEN-E
is valid for the period starting on the date the form is signed and ending on
the last day of the third succeeding calendar year. If the information shown on IRS Form
W-8BEN
or IRS Form
W-8BEN-E
changes, a
new IRS Form
W-8BEN
or IRS Form
W-8BEN-E
must be provided within 30 days of the change. In certain cases, an IRS Form
W-8BEN
or IRS Form
W-8BEN-E
may remain effective indefinitely.
Exemption for
Non-U.S.
Persons with effectively connected income – IRS Form
W-8ECI
A
Non-U.S.
Person may claim an exemption from U.S.
federal withholding on income effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business in the United States by providing a duly executed IRS Form
W-8ECI,
Certificate of Foreign Person’s Claim That
Income Is Effectively Connected With the Conduct of a Trade or Business in the United States. The IRS Form
W-8ECI
is valid for the period starting on the date the form is signed and ending on the last day of
the third succeeding calendar year. If the information shown on IRS Form
W-8ECI
changes, a new IRS Form
W-8ECI
must be provided within 30 days of the change.
Exemption or reduced rate for
Non-U.S.
Persons resident in treaty countries – IRS Form
W-8BEN
or IRS Form
W-8BEN-E
A
Non-U.S.
Person may claim treaty benefits by providing a duly executed IRS Form
W-8BEN
or IRS Form
W-8BEN-E,
as applicable. Generally, an IRS Form
W-8BEN
or IRS Form
W-8BEN-E
is valid for the period starting on the date the form is signed and ending on the last day of the third succeeding calendar year. If the information shown on IRS Form
W-8BEN
or IRS Form
W-8BEN-E
changes, a new IRS Form
W-8BEN
or IRS Form
W-8BEN-E
must be provided within 30 days of the change. In certain cases, an IRS Form
W-8BEN
or IRS Form
W-8BEN-E
may remain effective indefinitely.
Exemption
for U.S. Persons – IRS Form
W-9
U.S. Persons may obtain a complete exemption from
withholding tax by filing a duly executed IRS Form
W-9,
Request for Taxpayer Identification Number and Certification, supplying such U.S. Person’s federal taxpayer identification number and certain other
information.
For purposes of this discussion, a “
U.S. Person
”
is
:
B-4
A “
Non-U.S.
Person
” is any person other than a U.S. Person or other than a
partnership (including any entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes).
B-5
Dealer Prospectus Delivery Obligation
Until 90 days after the date of this prospectus dealers that effect transactions in these securities, whether or not participating in the offering,
may be required to deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to the dealers’ obligation to deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters and for their unsold allotments or subscriptions.