424H
Table of Contents
Filed pursuant to 424(h)
Registration No. 333-288943
Registration No. 333-288943-03
The information in this prospectus is not complete and
may be changed. The securities offered hereby may not be delivered prior to the time a final prospectus is completed. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities nor a solicitation of an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction
where the offer and sale is not permitted.
Subject to Completion, dated January 14, 2026
PROSPECTUS
$1,000,000,000
(1)
CarMax Auto Owner Trust 2026-1
Issuing Entity or Trust (Central Index Key Number: 0002094950)
[TABLE:1]
You should carefully read the
risk factors
beginning on page 17 of this
prospectus.
The notes are asset-backed securities. The notes will be obligations of the issuing entity only and will not be obligations
of or interests in CarMax, Inc., CarMax Business Services, LLC, CarMax Auto Funding LLC or any other person or entity other than the issuing entity. Neither the notes nor the receivables are insured or guaranteed by any government agency.
The following classes of notes are offered pursuant to this prospectus:
The notes are payable solely from the assets of the issuing entity, which consist primarily of a pool of receivables, which are motor vehicle
retail installment sale contracts. The credit enhancement for the notes will be subordination, overcollateralization, a reserve account and excess collections on the receivables.
The trust will pay interest and principal on the notes monthly on the 15
th
day of each
month or, if the 15
th
day is not a business day, on the next business day, beginning February 17, 2026. The price of the notes will also include accrued interest, if any, from the date of
initial issuance. The trust generally will pay principal sequentially to each class of notes in order of seniority (starting with the class A-1 notes) until each class is paid in full.
Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or
determined that this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.
Delivery of the
notes (other than any notes retained by the depositor or an affiliate of the depositor), in book-entry form only, will be made through The Depository Trust Company against payment in immediately available funds, on or about January  , 2026.
Joint Bookrunners of the Class A
,
B
,
C and D Notes
Co-Managers of the Class A Notes
The date of this Prospectus is January  , 2026.
Table of Contents
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Table of Contents
Table of Contents
Table of Contents
READING THIS PROSPECTUS
This prospectus provides information about the issuing entity, CarMax Auto Owner Trust 2026-1, and the terms and conditions that apply to the
Notes to be issued by the issuing entity. We suggest you read this prospectus in its entirety.
Capitalized terms used in this prospectus
are defined in the Glossary of Terms which begins at the end of this prospectus.
In this prospectus, the terms “we”,
“us” and “our” refer to CarMax Auto Funding LLC. We include cross-references to sections in this document where you can find further related discussions. Refer to the Table of Contents in this prospectus to locate the
referenced sections.
You should rely only on information on the Notes provided in this prospectus, including any information incorporated
by reference. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with different information.
WHERE YOU CAN FIND
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
CarMax Auto Funding LLC, as the depositor of CarMax Auto Owner Trust 2026-1, has filed a registration
statement with the SEC under the Securities Act. The registration statement includes information not included in this prospectus. For so long as any trust is required to file reports under the Exchange Act, the Servicer will file with the SEC, with
respect to that trust, annual reports on Form 10-K, monthly distribution reports on Form 10-D, monthly asset-level data files and related documents on Form ABS-EE, any required current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports. These
reports will not be made available on a website by CarMax Auto Funding LLC, the Servicer or any other party as these reports can be viewed electronically through the EDGAR system at the SEC’s website described below. You may obtain a free copy
of any such report by request to CarMax Auto Funding LLC.
The SEC maintains the EDGAR system at its website (http://www.sec.gov) which
contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding registrants that file electronically with the SEC.
INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN DOCUMENTS BY REFERENCE
The SEC allows us to “incorporate by reference” information filed
with it by CarMax Auto Funding LLC on behalf of the Trust, which means that we can disclose important information to you by referring you to those documents. The information incorporated by reference is considered to be part of this prospectus.
Information incorporated by reference that we file later with the SEC will automatically update the information in this prospectus. In all cases, you should rely on the later information incorporated by reference over different information included
in this prospectus. The Trust incorporates by reference the asset-level data and information included as exhibits to any Form ABS-EE filed or caused to be filed with the SEC by the depositor with respect to the Trust before the termination of the
offering of the Notes. The Trust also incorporates by reference any current reports on Form 8-K later filed by or on behalf of the Trust before the termination of the offering of the Notes. Any Form ABS-15G furnished by CarMax Auto Funding LLC
pursuant to Rule 15Ga-2 of the Exchange Act is not and will not be incorporated by reference into this prospectus or the registration statement.
COPIES OF THE DOCUMENTS
You may obtain a free copy of any or all of the documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus if:
[TABLE:14]
You may obtain copies of exhibits to the documents filed by us with the SEC only
if such exhibits are specifically incorporated by reference in such documents. You may also read these materials through the SEC’s EDGAR system at http://www.sec.gov as referred to above.
1
Table of Contents
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
Any projections, expectations and estimates contained in this prospectus are not purely historical in nature but are forward-looking
statements based upon information and certain assumptions CarMax Business Services, LLC and the depositor consider reasonable, are subject to uncertainties as to circumstances and events that have not as yet taken place and are subject to material
variation. You can identify these forward-looking statements by use of words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,”
“outlook,” “plan,” “predict,” “should,” “will” and other similar expressions, whether in the negative or affirmative. Any forward-looking statements made in this prospectus speak only as of
the date stated on the cover page of this prospectus. CarMax Business Services, LLC and the depositor undertake no obligation to revise any forward-looking statements made herein after the date they are made, regardless of changes in economic
conditions, portfolio or asset pool performance or other circumstances or developments that may arise after the date of this prospectus.
NOTICE TO INVESTORS: UNITED KINGDOM
Prohibition on sales to UK Retail Investors
The notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to,
any UK Retail Investor in the United Kingdom (the “
UK
”). For these purposes, the expression “
UK Retail Investor
” means a person who is neither: (1) a professional client, as defined in point (8) of
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the “
EUWA
”) and as amended nor (2) a UK Qualified Investor. In this
prospectus, the expression “
UK Qualified Investor
” means a qualified investor, as defined in (A) Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and as amended
(the “
UK Prospectus Regulation
”) or, (B) on and from the 19 January 2026 (the “
POATRs Effective Date
”), paragraph 15 of Schedule 1 to the Public Offers and Admissions to Trading Regulations 2024 (as
amended, the “
POATRs
”).
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended,
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and as amended (the “
UK PRIIPs Regulation
”) for offering or selling the notes or otherwise making them available to UK Retail Investors in the UK has been prepared and
therefore offering or selling the notes or otherwise making them available to any UK Retail Investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
Other UK offering restrictions
This prospectus is not a prospectus for purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation, or (on and from the POATRs Effective Date) the POATRs or the
Admission to Trading on a Regulated Market Sourcebook of the handbook of rules and guidance adopted by the UK’s Financial Conduct Authority. This prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of notes in the UK will be made only to
a UK Qualified Investor. Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer in the UK of notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated in this prospectus may do so only with respect to UK Qualified Investors. Neither the issuing
entity, the seller nor any underwriter has authorized, nor do they authorize, the making of any offer of notes in the UK other than to UK Qualified Investors.
Other UK regulatory restrictions
In the UK, this prospectus is being communicated only to, and is directed only at, (1) persons that have professional experience in
matters relating to investments and which fall within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended, the “
Order
”); (2) persons that fall within Article 49(2)(a) to
(d) of the Order; or (3) persons to which it may otherwise lawfully be communicated or directed (each such person, a “
Relevant Person
”). In the UK, any investment or investment activity to which this prospectus relates,
including the notes, is available only to Relevant Persons, and will be engaged in only with Relevant Persons. This prospectus must not be acted on or relied on by any person in the UK that is not a Relevant Person.
NOTICE TO INVESTORS: EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA
Prohibition on sales to EU Retail Investors
The notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to,
any EU Retail Investor in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”). For these purposes, the expression “
EU Retail Investor
” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (1) a retail client as defined in
point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “
MiFID II
”); (2) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where that
2
Table of Contents
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (3) not a qualified investor (“
EU Qualified Investor
”) as
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “
EU Prospectus Regulation
”).
Consequently no key
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “
EU PRIIPs Regulation
”) for offering or selling the notes or otherwise making them available to EU Retail Investors in the EEA has been prepared; and
therefore offering or selling the notes or otherwise making them available to any EU Retail Investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.
Other EEA offering restrictions
This prospectus is not a prospectus for purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation. This prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer
of notes in the EEA will be made only to an EU Qualified Investor. Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer in the EEA of notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated in this prospectus may do so only with respect to
EU Qualified Investors. Neither the issuing entity, the seller nor any underwriter has authorized, nor do they authorize, the making of any offer of notes in the EEA other than to EU Qualified Investors.
EU SECURITIZATION REGULATION AND UK SECURITIZATION FRAMEWORK
Although CarMax Business Services will retain credit risk in accordance with Regulation RR as described in this prospectus under
“
Credit Risk Retention
”, none of CarMax Business Services, the depositor, the seller, the underwriters nor any other party to the transaction described in this prospectus or any of their affiliates will retain or commit to retain
a 5% material net economic interest with respect to this transaction in accordance with the EU Securitization Regulation or the UK Securitization Framework (each as defined below), or makes or intends to make any representation or agreement that it
or any other party is undertaking or will undertake to take or refrain from taking any action to facilitate or enable compliance by EU Affected Investors with the EU Due Diligence Requirements, by UK Affected Investors with the UK Due Diligence
Requirements, or by any person with the requirements of any other law or regulation now or hereafter in effect in the EU, any EEA member state or the UK, in relation to risk retention, due diligence and monitoring, transparency, credit granting
standards or any other conditions with respect to investments in securitization transactions. Neither the securitization constituted by the issuance of the notes nor the arrangements described in “
Credit Risk Retention
” in this
prospectus have been structured with the objective of ensuring compliance with the requirements of the EU Securitization Regulation or the UK Securitization Framework by any person.
Failure by an EU Affected Investor to comply with the EU Due Diligence Requirements or failure by a UK Affected Investor to comply with the UK
Due Diligence Requirements, in each case, with respect to an investment in the notes may result in the imposition of a penalty regulatory capital charge on such investment or of other regulatory sanctions by the relevant regulatory authority of such
Affected Investor, or a requirement to take corrective action. Consequently, the notes may not be a suitable investment for Affected Investors, and this may affect the price and liquidity of the notes.
Prospective investors are responsible for analyzing their own regulatory position and should consult with their own investment and legal
advisors regarding the application of the EU Securitization Regulation, the UK Securitization Framework or other applicable regulations and the suitability of the notes for investment. The transaction described in this prospectus is structured in a
way that is unlikely to allow EU Affected Investors to comply with the EU Due Diligence Requirements or UK Affected Investors to comply with the UK Due Diligence Requirements.
See “
Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Macroeconomic
,
Regulatory and Other External Factors—Requirements for Certain
EEA and UK Regulated Investors and Affiliates
” in this prospectus.
3
Table of Contents
TRANSACTION OVERVIEW
The following diagram identifies the transaction parties and the principal transaction documents. A form of each of these principal documents
has been filed as an exhibit to the registration statement that includes this prospectus, but the forms of such principal documents do not describe the specific terms of the notes. A copy of the final forms of the principal documents under which the
notes will be issued will be filed with the SEC no later than the date of the filing of the final prospectus.
4
Table of Contents
SUMMARY OF THE NOTES AND THE TRANSACTION STRUCTURE
This summary describes the main terms of the notes and this securitization transaction. This summary does not contain all of the
information that may be important to you. To fully understand the terms of the notes and this securitization transaction
,
you will need to read this prospectus in its entirety. Material risks of ownership of the notes are discussed under the
heading
“
Risk Factors
”
in this prospectus.
Transaction Overview
CarMax Business Services, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, will sell to CarMax Auto Funding LLC pursuant to the receivables
purchase agreement a pool of receivables consisting of motor vehicle retail installment sale contracts originated by certain affiliates of CarMax Business Services, LLC in accordance with CarMax Business Services, LLC’s underwriting process
and sold to the trust. CarMax Auto Funding LLC will sell the receivables to the trust pursuant to the sale and servicing agreement in exchange for the notes and the certificates. CarMax Auto Funding LLC will use the net proceeds from the sale of the
notes to pay CarMax Business Services, LLC for the receivables. The trust will rely upon collections on or in respect of the receivables and the funds on deposit in certain accounts to make payments on the notes. The trust will be solely liable for
the payment of the notes. The notes will be obligations of the trust secured solely by the assets of the trust. The notes will not represent interests in or obligations of CarMax, Inc., CarMax Business Services, LLC, CarMax Auto Funding LLC or any
other person or entity other than the trust. Neither the notes nor the receivables are insured or guaranteed by any governmental entity or any other person or entity.
Transaction Parties
Sponsor and Servicer
CarMax Business Services, LLC is the sponsor of this securitization transaction and will service the receivables on behalf of the trust. The
servicer will agree with the trust to be responsible for servicing, managing, maintaining custody of and making collections on the receivables. CarMax Business Services, LLC’s principal executive offices are located at 12800 Tuckahoe Creek
Parkway, Richmond, Virginia 23238, and its telephone number is (804) 747-0422.
Depositor and Seller
CarMax Auto Funding LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, will be the depositor and seller for this securitization transaction. CarMax
Auto Funding LLC’s principal executive offices are located at 12800 Tuckahoe Creek Parkway, Suite 400,
Richmond, Virginia 23238, and its telephone number is (804) 935-4512.
Issuing Entity or Trust
CarMax Auto Owner Trust 2026-1, a Delaware statutory trust, will be the issuing entity or trust for this securitization transaction. The
trust will be governed by an amended and restated trust agreement, dated as of January 1, 2026, between CarMax Auto Funding LLC and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as owner trustee.
Administrator
CarMax
Business Services, LLC will act as administrator of the trust.
Owner Trustee
Wilmington Trust, National Association will act as owner trustee of the trust.
Indenture Trustee
U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association will act as indenture trustee of the notes.
Asset Representations Reviewer
Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC will act as asset representations reviewer pursuant to the asset representations review agreement.
Calculation Agent
U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association will act as the calculation agent. The calculation agent will obtain the SOFR rate and
calculate the interest rate for the class A-2b notes using the method described in the definition of “SOFR Rate” set forth under “
Description of the Notes—Payments of Interest
.”
5
Table of Contents
Classes of Notes
If the aggregate initial principal amount of the notes is $1,000,000,000, the trust will issue the following classes of notes:
[TABLE:21]
All or a portion of one or more classes of notes may be initially retained
by the depositor or an affiliate of the depositor. In addition to retaining the residual interest in the issuing entity represented by the certificates, the depositor may, if necessary to satisfy the risk retention obligations of the sponsor as
described under “
Credit Risk Retention
” in this prospectus, retain or convey to an affiliate up to 5% of the principal amount of each class of notes. The depositor may transfer all or a portion of any retained notes to
another majority-owned affiliate of the sponsor on or after the closing date. The depositor or its affiliates will retain the right to hold any retained notes until maturity or to sell all or a portion of any retained notes, including to unrelated
third parties, provided that the portion of the notes that is intended to satisfy the requirements of the risk retention regulations will not be transferred, hedged or financed except as permitted under the risk retention regulations.
See “
Credit Risk Retention
” in this prospectus for more information. You may purchase the notes only in book-entry form and will not receive your notes in definitive form. The notes you may purchase will be issued in
minimum denominations of $5,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess of $5,000.
The interest rate for the class A-2 notes will be
either a fixed rate or a combination of a fixed rate and a floating rate if that class has both a fixed rate tranche
and a floating rate tranche. For example, the class A-2 notes may be divided into a fixed rate tranche and a floating rate tranche, in which case the class A-2a notes will be fixed rate notes and
the class A-2b notes will be floating rate notes. If the interest rate is a floating rate, the rate will initially be based on the SOFR Rate. However, the benchmark may change in certain situations. See “
Description of the
Notes—Payments of Interest
” in this prospectus. If the sum of the SOFR Rate (or replacement benchmark) plus the applicable spread for the class
A-2b notes
is less than 0.00% for any
interest period, then the interest rate for the class A-2b notes for such interest period will be deemed to be 0.00%.
We refer in this
prospectus to notes that bear interest at a fixed rate as “fixed rate notes” and to notes that bear interest at a floating rate as “floating rate notes.”
Terms of the Certificates
The trust will issue the CarMax Auto Owner Trust 2026-1 certificates to CarMax Auto Funding LLC. The certificates are not being offered by
this prospectus. The certificates will not bear interest and all payments in respect of the certificates will be subordinated to payments on the notes. The certificates generally will evidence the residual interest in the trust and the right to
receive any excess amounts not needed on any distribution date to pay the servicing fee, certain expenses of the servicer and amounts owing to the indenture trustee and the asset representations reviewer, make required payments on the notes and make
deposits into the reserve account. The depositor will retain the certificates in connection with the risk retention obligations of the sponsor. The depositor may transfer all or a portion of the certificates to another majority-owned affiliate
of the sponsor on or after the closing date. The certificates will not be transferred, hedged or financed except as permitted under the risk retention regulations. See “
Credit Risk Retention
” in this prospectus for more
information. The certificates are not being offered by this prospectus and any information about the certificates are set forth herein solely to provide a better understanding of the notes.
Cutoff Date
The
cutoff date is the end of day on December 31, 2025, which is the date used in preparing the statistical information presented in this prospectus. If the aggregate initial principal amount of the notes is $1,000,000,000, the receivables sold to
the trust on the closing date will have a pool balance of $1,005,025,872.07 as of the cutoff date and, if the
6
Table of Contents
aggregate initial principal amount of the notes is $1,300,000,000, the receivables sold to the trust on the closing date will have a pool balance of $1,306,533,362.66 as of the cutoff date.
Closing Date
The
closing date will be on or about January 28, 2026.
Distribution Dates
The 15
th
day of each month (or, if the
15
th
day is not a business day, the next succeeding business day). The first distribution date will be February 17, 2026.
Interest Accrual
Class A-1 Notes and Floating Rate Notes
“Actual/360,” accrued from and including the prior distribution date (or from and including the closing date, in the case of the
first distribution date) to but excluding the current distribution date.
Fixed Rate Notes Other Than Class A-1 Notes
“30/360,” accrued from and including the 15
th
day of the prior month (or
from and including the closing date, in the case of the first distribution date) to but excluding the 15
th
day of the current month (assuming each month has 30 days).
This means that, if there are no outstanding shortfalls in the payment of interest, the interest due on each distribution date will be the
product of:
[TABLE:25]
Interest Payments
On each distribution date, to the extent of available funds, the trust will first pay interest to the class A notes pro rata without regard
to numerical designation, then sequentially to the class B notes, class C notes and class D notes, respectively. If the notes have been accelerated following the occurrence of certain events of default under the indenture, the trust will not pay
interest to a class of notes until each class of notes with a higher alphabetical designation has been paid in full.
For a more
detailed description of the payment of interest, see “Description of the Notes—Payments of Interest” and “Application of Available Funds” in this prospectus.
Principal Payments
On each distribution date, unless the notes have been accelerated following the occurrence of an event of default under the indenture, the
trust will pay, to the extent of available funds, principal, sequentially to the class A-1 notes, class A-2 notes, class A-3 notes, class A-4 notes, class B notes, class C notes and class D notes, respectively.
If the class A-2 notes are split into a fixed rate tranche and a floating rate tranche, that class will be treated as a single class for the
purpose of principal payments.
If the notes have been accelerated following the occurrence of an event of default under the indenture,
the trust will pay principal of the notes as described in “
Application of Available Funds—Priority of Distributions (Post-Acceleration)
” in this prospectus.
If not paid earlier, all principal and interest with respect to a class of notes will be payable in full on the final scheduled distribution
date for that class. The final scheduled distribution dates for the notes are as follows:
[TABLE:26]
7
Table of Contents
For a more detailed description of the payment of principal, see “
Description of the
Notes—Payments of Principal
,
” “
Application of Available Funds
” and “
The Indenture—Rights Upon Event of Default
” in this prospectus.
Priority of Distributions (Pre-Acceleration)
On each distribution date, unless the notes have been accelerated following the occurrence of an event of default under the indenture, from
amounts received on or with respect to the receivables during the related collection period and amounts withdrawn from the reserve account (except that amounts withdrawn from the reserve account will not be used to reimburse unreimbursed servicer
advances, unrelated amounts or be paid to CarMax Business Services, LLC or any of its affiliates in respect of servicing fees owing to the servicer to the extent that CarMax Business Services, LLC or any of its affiliates is the servicer), the trust
will pay the following amounts in the following order of priority:
8
Table of Contents
For purposes of these distributions, the principal amount of a class of notes as of any distribution date will be calculated as of the
preceding distribution date after giving effect to all payments made on such preceding distribution date, or, in the case of the first distribution date, as of the closing date.
For a more detailed description of the priority of distributions and the allocation of funds on each distribution date prior to acceleration
of the notes, see “
Application of Available Funds—Priority of Distributions (Pre-Acceleration)
” in this prospectus.
Events of Default and Acceleration
Each of the following will constitute an event of default under the indenture:
[TABLE:44]
[TABLE:45]
Following the occurrence and during the continuance of an event of default, the indenture trustee or the holders of notes evidencing not
less than 51% of the controlling class may accelerate the notes.
If the notes have been accelerated following the occurrence of
an event of default under the indenture, the priority of distributions will change as described in “
Application of Available Funds—Priority of Distributions
(Post-Acceleration)
” in
this prospectus
.
For a more detailed description of events of default and the rights of noteholders, see “
The
Indenture—Events of Default
,” and “
—Rights Upon Event of Default
” in this prospectus.
Credit Enhancement
The credit enhancement for the notes generally will include the following:
Subordination
The
class B notes, the class C notes and the class D notes will be subordinated with respect to each class of notes with a higher alphabetical designation. On each distribution date:
9
Table of Contents
Overcollateralization
Overcollateralization represents the amount by which the pool balance exceeds the aggregate principal amount of the notes.
Overcollateralization will be available to absorb losses on the receivables that are not otherwise covered by excess collections on or in respect of the receivables, if any. The initial amount of overcollateralization will be an amount equal to
approximately 0.50% of the pool balance as of the cutoff date. The application of funds as described in clause (12) of “
—Priority of Distributions (Pre-Acceleration)
” is designed to maintain over time the amount of
overcollateralization as of any distribution date to a target amount. The overcollateralization target amount will be an amount equal to 0.50% of the pool balance as of the cutoff date.
Excess Collections
Excess collections are generally the excess of interest collections on the receivables over the various fees and expenses of the trust,
including the servicing fee, unreimbursed servicer advances, unrelated amounts, amounts owed to the asset representations reviewer up to a $175,000 aggregate cap, unpaid indemnity amounts and transition expenses due to the indenture trustee should
it become successor servicer below the $175,000 aggregate cap and interest payments on the notes. Any excess collections will be applied on each distribution date to make principal payments on the most senior class of notes to the extent necessary
to attain or maintain the targeted amount of overcollateralization.
For a more detailed description of the use of excess collections as
credit enhancement for the notes, see “
Description of the Notes—Credit Enhancement—Excess Collections
” in this prospectus.
Reserve Account
The reserve account will be initially funded with a deposit of at least $2,512,564.68, if the aggregate initial principal amount of the notes
is $1,000,000,000, and at least $3,266,333.41, if the aggregate initial principal amount of the notes is $1,300,000,000, in each case, made by CarMax Auto Funding LLC on the closing date. On each distribution date, funds will be deposited as
described in clause (11) of “—
Priority of Distributions
(Pre-Acceleration)
” into the reserve account in an amount, if any, by which:
Amounts on deposit
in the reserve account will be available to pay shortfalls in the amounts described in clauses (1) through (10) under “
—Priority of Distributions (Pre-Acceleration)
” and may be used to reduce the principal amount
of a class of notes to zero on or after its final scheduled distribution date (except that amounts withdrawn from the reserve account will not be used to reimburse unreimbursed servicer advances, unrelated amounts or be paid to CarMax Business
Services, LLC or any of its affiliates in respect of servicing fees owing to the servicer to the extent that CarMax Business Services, LLC or any of its affiliates is the servicer).
The amount required to be on deposit in the reserve account on any distribution date will be at least $2,512,564.68, if the aggregate
initial principal amount of the notes is $1,000,000,000, and at least $3,266,333.41, if the aggregate initial principal amount of the notes is $1,300,000,000.
If the amount on deposit in the reserve account on any distribution date exceeds the amount required to be on deposit in the reserve account
on that distribution date, after giving effect to all required deposits to and withdrawals from the reserve account on that distribution date, the excess, first, will be applied to fund any deficiency in the amounts described in clause (12) and
then in clause (13) under “
—Priority of Distributions (Pre-Acceleration)
” on that distribution date and, second, will be paid to the seller.
The reserve account is expected to constitute an “eligible horizontal cash reserve account” under Regulation RR, and the sponsor
intends (by itself or
10
Table of Contents
through a majority-owned affiliate) to establish and fund the reserve account in partial satisfaction of its risk retention obligations. See “Credit Risk Retention” in this prospectus
for more information.
For a more detailed description of the deposits to and withdrawals from the reserve account, see
“
Description of the Notes—Credit Enhancement—Reserve Account
” in this prospectus.
Optional Purchase
The servicer has the option to purchase the receivables on any distribution date following the last day of a collection period as of
which the pool balance is 10% or less of the pool balance as of the cutoff date. Upon such a purchase, the purchase price will be used to redeem the notes. The trust will apply the payment of such purchase price to the payment of the notes in full.
See “
The Sale and Servicing Agreement—Optional Purchase of Receivables
” in this prospectus for more information about the servicer’s option.
The Receivables Pool and Other Trust Property
Assets of the Trust
The property of the trust will consist of a pool of receivables, which are motor vehicle retail installment sale contracts originated by
certain affiliates of CarMax Business Services, LLC in accordance with CarMax Business Services, LLC’s underwriting process and sold to the trust, which contracts are referred to in this prospectus as the “receivables,” and other
related property, including:
The pool of receivables was
selected from CarMax Business Services’ core portfolio of motor vehicle retail installment sale contracts with a FICO
®
score at origination greater than or equal to 650. For a more
detailed description of the receivables, including the criteria they must meet in order to be sold to the trust, and the other property supporting the related notes, see
“The Transaction Parties—The Sponsor”
and
“
The Receivables
” in this prospectus.
Summary Characteristics
Summary characteristics of the receivables as of the cutoff date if the aggregate initial principal amount of the notes is $1,000,000,000:
[TABLE:56]
Summary characteristics of the receivables as of the cutoff date if the aggregate initial principal amount of the notes is $1,300,000,000:
[TABLE:59]
Underwriting Program and Exceptions
The underwriting process for CarMax Business Services, LLC is described in “
The CarMax Business—Underwriting
Procedures
” in this prospectus. As described in “
The CarMax Business—
11
Table of Contents
Underwriting Procedures
”, CarMax Business Services, LLC does not consider any of the receivables to constitute exceptions to its underwriting standards.
Review of the Receivables Pool
The seller performed a review of receivables on a statistical pool as of November 30, 2025 and certain disclosures in this prospectus
relating to the receivables and a review of receivables to be sold to the trust on the closing date and certain asset-level data disclosures incorporated by reference into this prospectus, and has concluded that it has reasonable assurance that the
information contained in this prospectus regarding the receivables is accurate in all material respects. For more information regarding this review, see “
The Receivables—Seller Review of the Pool of Receivables
” in this
prospectus.
Servicing and Servicer Compensation
The servicer’s responsibilities will include, among other things, collection of payments, realization on the receivables and the
financed vehicles, selling or otherwise disposing of delinquent or defaulted receivables and monitoring the performance of the receivables. In return for its services, the servicer will be entitled to receive a servicing fee on each distribution
date for the related collection period equal to the product of
1
/
12
of 1.00% and the pool balance as of the first day of that collection
period (or as of the cutoff date in the case of the first distribution date). See “
Transaction Fees and Expenses
” in this prospectus for more information about the servicing fee, and “
The Sale and Servicing
Agreement—Servicing the Receivables
” in this prospectus for more information about the servicer’s responsibilities.
Optional Servicer Advances of Late Interest Payments
When interest collections received on the receivables are less than the scheduled interest collections in a collection period, the servicer
may advance to the trust that portion of the shortfall that the servicer, in its sole discretion, expects to collect in the future from the related obligors.
The servicer will be entitled to reimbursement from other collections of the trust for advances that are not repaid out of collections of
the related interest payments from the related obligors.
See “
The Sale and Servicing Agreement—Advances
” in this prospectus
for more information about optional servicer advances.
Repurchases of Receivables
Each of CarMax Business Services, LLC and CarMax Auto Funding LLC may be obligated to repurchase any receivable sold to the trust if:
For a more detailed description of the representations and warranties made about the receivables and the repurchase obligation if
these representations and warranties are breached, see “
The Receivables Purchase Agreement—Sale and Assignment of Receivables—Representations and Warranties Regarding the Receivables
” and “
—Repurchase of
Receivables
” and “
The Sale and Servicing Agreement—Sale and Assignment of Receivables—Representations and Warranties Regarding the Receivables
” and “
—Repurchase of Receivables
” in
this prospectus.
In the course of its normal servicing procedures, the servicer may defer or modify the payment schedule of a
receivable. Some of these arrangements may obligate the servicer to purchase such receivable.
For a more detailed
description of the servicer’s purchase obligation for breaches of certain servicing covenants, see “
The Sale and Servicing Agreement—Repurchase of Receivables
” and “
—Servicing the Receivables
”
in this prospectus
.
12
Table of Contents
Asset Representations Review
If the delinquency trigger described under “
The Asset Representations Review Agreement
” in this prospectus is met
or exceeded for a monthly period and the noteholders (including beneficial owners of the notes) vote to cause a review of delinquent receivables described under “
The Asset Representations Review Agreement
” in this prospectus, the
asset representations reviewer will review all 60 day or more delinquent receivables to determine if certain representations and warranties were satisfied as of the closing date (or such other date as indicated in the related representations and
warranties). For a description of the asset representations review process, see “
The Asset Representations Review Agreement
” in this prospectus.
Dispute Resolution
If sufficient notice is provided pursuant to the sale and servicing agreement within the applicable statute of limitations period of
an alleged breach of a representation or warranty with respect to a receivable made by the seller in the sale and servicing agreement or by CarMax Business Services, LLC in the receivables purchase agreement, and the seller or CarMax Business
Services, LLC, as applicable, fails to resolve such request within 180 days of receipt, the requesting party has the right to refer the matter to a dispute resolution process described in this prospectus. For a more detailed description of the
dispute resolution procedures, see “
The Sale and Servicing Agreement—Dispute Resolution Procedures
” in this prospectus.
Ratings
The
depositor expects that the notes (other than any class of notes initially retained by the depositor or an affiliate of the depositor) will receive credit ratings from two nationally recognized statistical rating organizations hired by the sponsor to
rate such notes.
A rating is not a recommendation to purchase, hold or sell the related notes, inasmuch as a rating does not comment as
to market price or suitability for a particular investor. The ratings of the notes address the likelihood of the payment of principal and interest on the notes according to their terms. A rating agency rating the notes may lower or withdraw its
rating in the future, in its discretion, as to any class of notes. A rating agency rating the notes may place any class of notes on review or watch for downgrade in the future, in its discretion.
Although the hired agencies are not contractually obligated to do so, the depositor expects
that each hired rating agency rating the notes will monitor its ratings using its normal surveillance procedures. No transaction party will be responsible for monitoring any changes to the ratings of the notes.
For a more detailed description of the ratings of the notes, see “
Risk Factors—The ratings of the notes may be withdrawn or
lowered
,
or the notes may receive an unsolicited rating
,
which may adversely affect your notes
” and “
Ratings of the Notes
” in this prospectus.
Tax Status
Opinions of Counsel
On the closing date, Mayer Brown LLP will deliver an opinion, subject to the assumptions and qualifications therein, to the effect that, for
United States federal income tax purposes, the notes will be characterized as indebtedness to the extent the notes are treated as beneficially owned by a person other than (A) the trust or a person considered to be the same person as the trust
for United States federal income tax purposes, (B) a member of an expanded group (as defined in Treasury Regulation section 1.385-1(c)(4) or any successor regulation then in effect) that includes the trust (or a person considered to be the same
person as the trust for United States federal income tax purposes), (C) a “controlled partnership” (as defined in Treasury Regulation section 1.385-1(c)(1) or any successor regulation then in effect) of such expanded group or
(D) a disregarded entity owned directly or indirectly by a person described in preceding clause (B) or (C) and the trust will not be characterized as an association (or a publicly traded partnership) taxable as a corporation.
Investor Representations
If you purchase notes, you agree by your purchase that you will treat the notes as indebtedness for tax purposes.
The notes may be issued with original issue discount or “OID” for federal income tax purposes. As discussed in this prospectus,
if the notes have OID which is
de minimis,
then a holder of a note must include such OID in income proportionately as principal payments are made on such note.
13
Table of Contents
For a more detailed description of the tax consequences of acquiring, holding and disposing of
notes, see “
Material Federal Income Tax Consequences
” in this prospectus.
ERISA Considerations
Subject to considerations discussed under the caption “
Material Considerations for ERISA and Other U.S. Employee Benefit Plan
Investors
” in this prospectus, the notes generally may be acquired with the assets of employee benefit plans and other retirement arrangements. Each person acquiring the notes with such assets should consult with its legal advisors before
purchasing the notes. Each person acquiring the notes will be deemed to have made certain representations, warranties and covenants described in this prospectus and the indenture.
For a more detailed description of the ERISA considerations applicable to a purchase of the notes, see “
Material Considerations for
ERISA and Other U.S. Employee Benefit Plan Investors
” in this prospectus.
Certain Investment Company Act Considerations
The trust will be relying on an exclusion from the definition of “investment company” under the Investment Company Act
of 1940, as amended, contained in Section 3(c)(5) of the Investment Company Act, although there may be additional exclusions or exemptions available to the trust. The trust is being structured so as not to constitute a “covered
fund” for the purposes of the regulations adopted to implement Section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Act.
Eligibility for
Purchase by Money Market Funds
On the closing date, the class A-1 notes will be structured to be eligible securities for purchase by
money market funds under paragraph (a)(11) of Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. Rule 2a-7 includes additional criteria for investments by money market funds, including requirements relating to portfolio maturity, liquidity and risk
diversification. A money market fund purchasing class A-1 notes should consult its legal advisors before making a purchase.
14
Table of Contents
SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS
The notes are subject to certain risks that you should consider before making a decision to purchase any notes. This summary is included to provide an
overview of the principal risks. It does not contain all of the information regarding the risks that you should consider in making your decision to purchase any notes. To understand these risks fully
,
you should read
“
Risk
Factors
”
below.
Risks relating to the characteristics, servicing and performance of the receivables pool and other risks
[TABLE:65]
[TABLE:66]
[TABLE:67]
[TABLE:68]
[TABLE:69]
[TABLE:70]
Risks relating to the nature of the notes and the structure of the transaction
[TABLE:71]
[TABLE:72]
[TABLE:73]
[TABLE:74]
[TABLE:75]
[TABLE:76]
[TABLE:77]
[TABLE:78]
[TABLE:79]
[TABLE:80]
[TABLE:81]
Risks relating to the issuance of a floating rate class of notes and the uncertainty regarding SOFR
[TABLE:82]
15
Table of Contents
[TABLE:84]
[TABLE:85]
[TABLE:86]
[TABLE:87]
[TABLE:88]
[TABLE:89]
Risks relating
to the transaction parties
[TABLE:90]
[TABLE:91]
[TABLE:92]
[TABLE:93]
Risks relating to macroeconomic,
regulatory and other external factors
[TABLE:94]
[TABLE:95]
[TABLE:96]
[TABLE:97]
[TABLE:98]
[TABLE:99]
[TABLE:100]
[TABLE:101]
[TABLE:102]
16
Table of Contents
RISK FACTORS
You should carefully consider the following risk factors, which describe the principal risks of an investment in the notes, in deciding
whether to purchase any of the notes.
RISKS RELATING TO THE CHARACTERISTICS, SERVICING AND PERFORMANCE OF THE
RECEIVABLES POOL AND OTHER RISKS
17
Table of Contents
18
Table of Contents
19
Table of Contents
RISKS RELATING TO THE NATURE OF THE NOTES AND THE STRUCTURE OF THE TRANSACTION
20
Table of Contents
21
Table of Contents
22
Table of Contents
23
Table of Contents
24
Table of Contents
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUANCE OF A FLOATING RATE CLASS OF NOTES AND THE UNCERTAINTY REGARDING SOFR
25
Table of Contents
26
Table of Contents
27
Table of Contents
28
Table of Contents
29
Table of Contents
30
Table of Contents
RISKS RELATING TO THE TRANSACTION PARTIES
31
Table of Contents
32
Table of Contents
RISKS RELATING TO MACROECONOMIC, REGULATORY AND OTHER EXTERNAL FACTORS
33
Table of Contents
34
Table of Contents
35
Table of Contents
36
Table of Contents
37
Table of Contents
38
Table of Contents
39
Table of Contents
40
Table of Contents
41
Table of Contents
42
Table of Contents
THE TRANSACTION PARTIES
The following information identifies certain transaction parties for this securitization transaction.
The Sponsor
CarMax Business Services is the sponsor of this securitization transaction and is primarily responsible for structuring the transaction. CarMax
Business Services was formed on April 23, 2004, as a Delaware limited liability company and is a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of CarMax, Inc.
The Receivables are originated by certain affiliates of CarMax Business Services in accordance with CarMax Business Services’
underwriting process. CarMax Business Services will sell the Receivables to CarMax Funding and will service the Receivables on behalf of the Trust. CarMax Business Services is also the Administrator of the Trust. CarMax Business Services’
principal executive offices are located at 12800 Tuckahoe Creek Parkway, Richmond, Virginia 23238, and its telephone number is (804) 747-0422.
CarMax Business Services (including its predecessor in interest, CarMax Auto) has been financing motor vehicle retail installment sale
contracts in securitization transactions since 1996. CarMax Business Services has had the CarMax Auto Owner Trust (“
CAOT
”) platform, an active publicly registered securitization program for motor vehicle retail installment sale
contracts, since 1999 and has issued asset-backed securities in 82 transactions under the CAOT platform in amounts ranging from $450,000,000 to $1,750,000,000. CarMax Business Services has sought to originate motor vehicle retail installment sale
contracts in its core portfolio with an underlying credit risk profile that CarMax Business Services believes will, in the aggregate, result in cumulative net losses in a specified range. Receivables securitized in the CAOT platform have
historically been selected from this core portfolio. CarMax Business Services’ classification of receivables in the “core” portfolio of receivables is based on a number of factors and has changed and may in the future change from
time to time. The pool of receivables described in this prospectus was selected from CarMax Business Services’ core portfolio of motor vehicle retail installment sale contracts with a FICO® score at origination greater than or equal to
650. In June 2024, CarMax Business Services also established the CarMax Select Receivable Trust platform, a publicly registered securitization program comprised of motor vehicle retail installment sale contracts originated from CarMax Business
Services’ core portfolio as well as contracts outside the core portfolio, a substantial portion of which are obligations of lower credit obligors. In addition to selling receivables to trusts in connection with registered public offerings of
asset-backed securities, CarMax Business Services regularly sells motor vehicle retail installment sale contracts to special purpose entities to secure warehouse debt funded by several banks and multi-seller asset-backed commercial paper conduits.
CarMax Business Services meets a significant portion of its funding requirements through securitizations. No securitizations sponsored by CarMax Business Services have defaulted or experienced an early amortization triggering event.
CarMax Business Services will make various representations and warranties about the origination, characteristics and transfer of the
Receivables to the Seller. If such breach materially and adversely affects the interests of the Seller, the issuing entity or the noteholders in any Receivable, the Seller will have the right under the Receivables Purchase Agreement to cause CarMax
Business Services to repurchase any such Receivable from the Trust (as assignee of the Seller). Any such breach or failure will be deemed not to have a material and adverse effect if such breach or failure has not affected the ability of the issuing
entity to receive and retain payment in full on such Receivable.
See “
The CarMax Business
” in this prospectus for a
discussion of CarMax Business Services’ experience with and overall procedures for originating and underwriting receivables. See “
The CarMax Business—CarMax Auto Finance
” and “
Historical
Performance—Delinquency
,
Credit Loss and Recovery Information
” in this prospectus for information regarding CarMax Business Services’ motor vehicle receivables portfolio.
The Depositor and Seller
CarMax Funding will be the depositor and seller for this securitization transaction. CarMax Funding was formed on August 6, 2003 as a
Delaware limited liability company. CarMax Business Services is the sole equity member of CarMax Funding. CarMax Funding will sell the Receivables to the Trust. CarMax Funding maintains its
43
Table of Contents
principal executive offices at 12800 Tuckahoe Creek Parkway, Suite 400, Richmond, Virginia 23238. Its telephone number is (804) 935-4512.
The Seller was organized principally for the limited purpose of purchasing receivables originated by affiliates of CarMax Business Services.
The Seller has not and will not engage in any activity other than acquiring, owning, holding, selling, transferring, assigning, pledging or otherwise dealing in receivables purchased by CarMax Business Services from its affiliates or forming one or
more Delaware statutory trusts or common law trusts owning such receivables and engaging in activities related to the foregoing. The Seller will acquire the Receivables from CarMax Business Services under the Receivables Purchase Agreement. Neither
the Seller nor any of the Seller’s affiliates will insure or guarantee the Receivables or the Notes.
The Seller will make various
representations and warranties about the origination, characteristics and transfer of the Receivables to the Trust. If such breach materially and adversely affects the interests of the Trust or the Noteholders in any Receivable, the Trust will have
the right under the Sale and Servicing Agreement to cause the Seller to repurchase any such Receivable. Any such breach or failure will be deemed not to have a material and adverse effect if such breach or failure has not affected the ability of the
Trust to receive and retain payment in full on such Receivable.
In structuring these transactions, the Seller and CarMax Business
Services have taken steps intended to ensure that the voluntary or involuntary application for relief by CarMax Business Services under the Bankruptcy Code or similar state laws will not cause the assets and liabilities of the Seller to be
consolidated with those of CarMax Business Services. See “
Material Legal Issues Relating to the Receivables—Certain Bankruptcy Considerations
” in this prospectus for more information.
In connection with the offering of the Notes, the chief executive officer of the Seller will make the certifications required under the
Securities Act about this prospectus, the disclosures made about the characteristics of the Receivables and the structure of this securitization transaction, the risks of owning the Notes and whether the securitization transaction will produce
sufficient cash flows to make interest and principal payments on the Notes when due. This certification will be filed by the Seller with the SEC at the time of filing of this prospectus. The certification should not be considered to reduce or
eliminate the risks of investing in the Notes.
The Issuing Entity
CarMax Auto Owner Trust 2026-1 will be the issuing entity for this securitization transaction. The Trust was formed on November 6, 2025,
as a Delaware statutory trust. The Trust will be operated pursuant to the Trust Agreement. CarMax Business Services will be the Administrator of the Trust under the Administration Agreement. Unless expressly indicated to the contrary, any action to
be taken by the Trust will be taken by the Administrator on behalf of the Trust. The Seller will be the initial holder of the Certificates.
Limited
Purpose and Limited Assets
The Trust will not engage in any activity other than certain limited activities including:
44
Table of Contents
The Trust will have limited assets and will generally have no rights to the assets of the
Seller or of CarMax Business Services. The property of the Trust will include:
The Trust’s rights and benefits with respect to the property of the Trust will be pledged to the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of
the Noteholders.
Amounts necessary to make scheduled payments on the Notes will generally be collected solely from the obligors of the
Receivables and the proceeds from the repossession and sale of the Financed Vehicles which secure Defaulted Receivables. Various factors, including any failure to maintain a perfected security interest in each Financed Vehicle securing each
Defaulted Receivable in all states, may impact the Servicer’s ability to liquidate Defaulted Receivables and may reduce amounts payable on the Notes. See “
Material Legal Issues Relating to the Receivables
” in this
prospectus.
The Trust’s principal offices are in care of Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Owner Trustee, at Rodney Square
North, 1100 North Market Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19890-0001, Attention: Corporate Trust Administration.
The Trust’s fiscal
year ends on February 28 or February 29, as applicable. The Trust’s fiscal year conforms to the fiscal year of the Seller and CarMax.
Capitalization and Liabilities of the Trust
If the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,000,000,000, the following table illustrates the expected assets of the Trust as
of the Closing Date:
45
Table of Contents
If the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,000,000,000, the following
table illustrates the expected liabilities of the Trust as of the Closing Date:
If the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000, the following table illustrates the
expected assets of the Trust as of the Closing Date:
If the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000, the following table illustrates the
expected liabilities of the Trust as of the Closing Date:
The Servicer
CarMax Business Services will be the servicer of the Receivables for this securitization transaction. CarMax Business Services will be
responsible for all servicing functions except that the Indenture Trustee or an affiliate thereof will be responsible for maintaining various accounts and the Indenture Trustee will be responsible for making payments to holders of the Notes based on
information and calculations provided by the Servicer.
CarMax Business Services (including its predecessor in interest, CarMax Auto) has
been servicing motor vehicle receivables since 1993. Since 1999, CarMax Business Services has serviced 82 publicly registered motor vehicle receivables securitizations under the CAOT platform having receivables pools ranging from $450,000,014 to
$1,754,385,995.
The Servicer will service the Receivables on behalf of the Trust in accordance with the Sale and Servicing Agreement and
in accordance with its customary servicing practices, using the degree of skill and attention that the Servicer exercises with respect to all comparable motor vehicle receivables that it services for itself or others. The Servicer will have full
power and authority to do any and all things in connection with managing, servicing, administration and collection of the Receivables that it may deem necessary or desirable. In accordance with its customary servicing practices, the Servicer will
make reasonable efforts to collect all payments called for under the terms and provisions of the Receivables as and when the payments become due. The Servicer will also be responsible for filing and maintaining the effectiveness of the financing
statements that perfect the Trust’s security interest in the Receivables and other property of the Trust.
To facilitate the
servicing of the Receivables, the Trust will authorize the Servicer to retain physical possession (or maintain a single authoritative copy of each electronic contract) of the Receivables and other
46
Table of Contents
documents relating thereto as custodian for the Trust and the Indenture Trustee. Due to administrative burden and expense, the certificates of title for the Financed Vehicles will not be amended
to reflect the sale and assignment of the security interests in the Financed Vehicles to the Trust. See “
Risk Factors—Interests of other persons in the receivables could reduce the funds available to make payments on your
notes
” and “
The Sale and Servicing Agreement—Sale and Assignment of Receivables
” in this prospectus.
See “
Servicing and Collection Procedures
” in this prospectus for more information regarding the Servicer’s servicing
policies and procedures. See “
The Sale and Servicing Agreement
” in this prospectus for more information regarding the obligations of the Servicer under the Sale and Servicing Agreement.
The Owner Trustee
Wilmington Trust, National Association
(
“
WTNA
”) will be the Owner Trustee under the Trust Agreement. WTNA is a
national banking association with trust powers incorporated under the federal laws of the United States. The Owner Trustee’s principal place of business is located at 1100 North Market Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19890. WTNA is an
affiliate of Wilmington Trust Company and both WTNA and Wilmington Trust Company are subsidiaries of M&T Bank Corporation. Since 1998, Wilmington Trust Company has served as owner trustee in numerous asset-backed securities transactions
involving automobile receivables.
WTNA is subject to various legal proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of
business. WTNA does not believe that the ultimate resolution of any of these proceedings will have a materially adverse effect on its services as Owner Trustee.
Other than the above two paragraphs, WTNA has not participated in the preparation of, and is not responsible for, any other information
contained in this prospectus.
The liability of the Owner Trustee in connection with the issuance and sale of the Notes will be limited
solely to the express obligations of Owner Trustee set forth in the Trust Agreement. The Owner Trustee may resign at any time, in which event the Administrator will be obligated to appoint a successor trustee. The Trust or the Administrator, as
applicable, shall remove the Owner Trustee if:
In either of these circumstances, the Administrator must appoint a successor trustee. If the Owner Trustee resigns or is removed, the
resignation or removal and appointment of a successor trustee will not become effective until the successor trustee accepts its appointment.
The Indenture Trustee
U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, a national banking association (“
U.S. Bank Trust
Co
.
”), will act as Indenture Trustee, note registrar and note paying agent.
U.S. Bank National Association
(“
U.S. Bank N.A.
”) made a strategic decision to reposition its corporate trust business by transferring substantially all of its corporate trust business to its affiliate, U.S. Bank Trust Co., a non-depository trust company (U.S.
Bank N.A. and U.S. Bank Trust Co. are collectively referred to herein as “
U.S. Bank
”). Upon U.S. Bank Trust Co.’s succession to the business of U.S. Bank N.A., it became a wholly owned subsidiary of U.S. Bank N.A. The
Indenture Trustee will maintain the accounts of the issuing entity in the name of the Indenture Trustee at U.S. Bank N.A.
U.S. Bancorp, with total assets exceeding $695 billion as of September 30, 2025, is the parent company of U.S. Bank N.A., the fifth
largest commercial bank in the United States. As of September 30, 2025, U.S. Bancorp operated over 2,000 branch offices in 26 states. A network of specialized U.S. Bancorp offices across the nation
47
Table of Contents
provides a comprehensive line of banking, brokerage, insurance, investment, mortgage, trust and payment services products to consumers, businesses, and institutions.
U.S. Bank has one of the largest corporate trust businesses in the country with office locations in 44 domestic and 3 international cities.
The Indenture will be administered from U.S. Bank’s corporate trust office located at 190 South LaSalle Street, 7th Floor, Chicago, Illinois 60603.
U.S. Bank has provided corporate trust services since 1924. As of September 30, 2025, U.S. Bank was acting as trustee with respect to
over 155,000 issuances of securities with an aggregate outstanding principal balance of over $6.9 trillion. This portfolio includes corporate and municipal bonds, mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities and collateralized debt obligations.
The Indenture Trustee shall make each monthly statement available to the Noteholders via the Indenture Trustee’s internet website at
https://pivot.usbank.com. Noteholders with questions may direct them to the Indenture Trustee’s bondholder services group at (800) 934-6802.
As of September 30, 2025, U.S. Bank (and its affiliate U.S. Bank Trust National Association) was acting as indenture trustee, registrar
and paying agent on 217 issuances of automobile receivable-backed securities with an outstanding aggregate principal balance of approximately $91,234,500,000.
U.S. Bank N.A. and other large financial institutions have been sued in their capacity as trustee or successor trustee for certain residential
mortgage-backed securities (“
RMBS
”) trusts. The complaints, primarily filed by investors or investor groups against U.S. Bank N.A. and similar institutions, allege the trustees caused losses to investors as a result of alleged
failures by the sponsors, mortgage loan sellers and servicers to comply with the governing agreements for these RMBS trusts. Plaintiffs generally assert causes of action based upon the trustees’ purported failures to enforce repurchase
obligations of mortgage loan sellers for alleged breaches of representations and warranties, notify securityholders of purported events of default allegedly caused by breaches of servicing standards by mortgage loan servicers and abide by a
heightened standard of care following alleged events of default.
U.S. Bank N.A. denies liability and believes that it has performed its
obligations under the RMBS trusts in good faith, that its actions were not the cause of losses to investors, that it has meritorious defenses, and it has contested and intends to continue contesting the plaintiffs’ claims vigorously. However,
U.S. Bank N.A. cannot assure you as to the outcome of any of the litigation, or the possible impact of these litigations on the trustee or the RMBS trusts.
On March 9, 2018, a law firm purporting to represent fifteen Delaware statutory trusts (the “
DSTs
”) that issued
securities backed by student loans (the “
Student Loans
”) filed a lawsuit in the Delaware Court of Chancery against U.S. Bank N.A. in its capacities as indenture trustee and successor special servicer, and three other institutions
in their respective transaction capacities, with respect to the DSTs and the Student Loans. This lawsuit is captioned
The National Collegiate Student Loan Master Trust I, et al. v. U.S. Bank National Association, et al.
, C.A.
No. 2018-0167-JRS (Del. Ch.) (the “
NCMSLT Action
”). The complaint, as amended on June 15, 2018, alleged that the DSTs have been harmed as a result of purported misconduct or omissions by the defendants concerning
administration of the trusts and special servicing of the Student Loans. Since the filing of the NCMSLT Action, certain Student Loan borrowers have made assertions against U.S. Bank N.A. concerning special servicing that appear to be based on
certain allegations made on behalf of the DSTs in the NCMSLT Action.
U.S. Bank N.A. has filed a motion seeking dismissal of the operative
complaint in its entirety with prejudice pursuant to Chancery Court Rules 12(b)(1) and 12(b)(6) or, in the alternative, a stay of the case while other prior filed disputes involving the DSTs and the Student Loans are litigated. On November 7,
2018, the Court ruled that the case should be stayed in its entirety pending resolution of the first-filed cases. On January 21, 2020, the Court entered an order consolidating for pretrial purposes the NCMSLT Action and three other lawsuits
pending in the Delaware Court of Chancery concerning the DSTs and the Student Loans, which remains pending.
U.S. Bank N.A. denies
liability in the NCMSLT Action and believes it has performed its obligations as indenture trustee and special servicer in good faith and in compliance in all material respects with the terms of the agreements governing the DSTs and that it has
meritorious defenses. It has contested and intends to continue contesting the plaintiffs’ claims vigorously.
48
Table of Contents
U.S. Bank Trust Co. will also act as the calculation agent. The calculation agent will
obtain the SOFR Rate and calculate the interest rate for the Class A-2b Notes as described under “
Description of the Notes–Payments of Interest
”. If the administrator has determined prior to the relevant Reference Time
that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, the administrator will determine an alternative Benchmark in accordance with the Benchmark Replacement provisions described under “
Description of
the Notes–Payments of Interest
”.
The Seller and its affiliates may maintain normal commercial banking or investment
banking relations with the Indenture Trustee and its affiliates. The fees and expenses of the Indenture Trustee will be paid by CarMax Business Services, as the Administrator under the Administration Agreement and, to the extent not paid by the
Administrator, as described under “
Application of Available Funds—Priority of Distributions (Pre-Acceleration)
” and “
—Priority of Distributions (Post-Acceleration)
.” The Indenture Trustee will have
various rights and duties with respect to the Notes.
See “
The Indenture
” in this prospectus for a further discussion
of the rights and duties of the Indenture Trustee.
The liability of the Indenture Trustee in connection with the issuance and sale of the
Notes will be limited solely to the express obligations of Indenture Trustee set forth in the Indenture. The Indenture Trustee may resign at any time, in which event the Administrator will be obligated to appoint a successor trustee. The Trust or
the Administrator, as applicable, shall remove the Indenture Trustee if:
In either of these circumstances, the Administrator must appoint a successor trustee. If the Indenture Trustee resigns or is removed, the
resignation or removal and appointment of a successor trustee will not become effective until the successor trustee accepts its appointment. If a successor indenture trustee does not take office within 60 days after the Indenture Trustee resigns or
is removed, the Indenture Trustee, the Trust or the holders of a majority of the controlling class may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor indenture trustee.
The Asset Representations Reviewer
Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC will act as the Asset Representations Reviewer under the Asset Representations Review Agreement. Clayton
Fixed Income Services LLC is a Delaware limited liability company, and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Covius Services, LLC. Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC and its affiliates have provided independent due diligence loan review and servicer oversight
services since 1989. Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC has been engaged as the asset representations reviewer on more than 800 auto and equipment loan, lease and dealer floorplan and credit card securitization transactions since 2015.
Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC and its affiliates are providers of targeted due diligence reviews of securitized assets and policies and
procedures of originators and servicers to assess compliance with representations and warranties, regulatory and legal requirements, investor guidelines and settlement agreements. Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC and its affiliates have performed
over 17 million loan reviews and provided ongoing oversight on over $2 trillion of securitization transactions on behalf of investors, sponsors, issuers and originators, including government sponsored enterprises and other governmental
agencies. These services have been performed primarily on residential mortgage loan and residential mortgage-backed security transactions, although Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC and its affiliates have also performed these services for
transactions involving auto loans, equipment leases, credit cards, commercial mortgage loans, student loans, timeshare loans and boat and recreational vehicle loans.
The Asset Representations Reviewer is not, and will not so long as any Notes remain outstanding be, affiliated with CarMax Business Services,
the Servicer, the Seller, the Trust, the Indenture Trustee, the Owner
49
Table of Contents
Trustee or any of their affiliates. Additionally, the Asset Representations Reviewer is not affiliated with the entity which performed pre-closing due diligence services for the transaction.
Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC may be appointed as an asset representations reviewer on other transactions for CarMax Business Services or its affiliates.
See “
The Asset Representations Review Agreement
” in this prospectus for a further discussion of the rights and duties of
the Asset Representations Reviewer.
The Asset Representations Reviewer’s liability in connection with the asset representations
review is limited solely to the express obligations of the Asset Representations Reviewer set forth in the Asset Representations Review Agreement. The Asset Representations Reviewer is not responsible for (a) reviewing the Receivables for
compliance with the representations and warranties under the transaction documents, except in connection with a review under the Asset Representations Review Agreement or (b) determining whether noncompliance with any representation or warranty
is a breach of the transaction documents or if any Receivable is required to be repurchased.
THE CARMAX
BUSINESS
The CarMax Retail Business
CarMax is the largest retailer of used motor vehicles in the United States, and was the first used vehicle retailer to offer a large selection
of high quality used vehicles at low, “no-haggle” prices using a customer-friendly sales process in an attractive, modern sales facility.
CarMax purchases, reconditions and sells used vehicles. As of November 30, 2025, CarMax operated 255 company-owned used car stores in 110
television markets. In addition as of September 30, 2021, CarMax sold its remaining new car franchise.
CarMax appraises
consumers’ vehicles free of charge and makes written offers to buy each vehicle regardless of whether the consumer is purchasing a vehicle from CarMax. CarMax acquires a significant percentage of its retail used-vehicle inventory through its
in-store appraisal process, as well as through wholesale auctions and, to a lesser extent, directly from other sources, including wholesalers, dealers and fleet owners. All of the used vehicles CarMax sells at retail are reconditioned to meet its
high standards, and each vehicle must pass a comprehensive inspection before being offered for sale. Vehicles purchased from consumers through the appraisal process that do not meet CarMax’s retail standards are sold to licensed dealers at
wholesale auctions operated on-site at many CarMax locations.
CarMax’s finance program provides access to credit across a wide
range of the credit spectrum both through its own finance operation, branded CarMax Auto Finance, and through arrangements with several other financial institutions. Generally, credit applications submitted by customers to CarMax are initially
reviewed by CarMax Auto Finance. All finance offers provided to CarMax customers are backed by a 3-day payoff option, which allows customers to refinance their retail installment sale contract with an external finance provider within three business
days at no charge.
CarMax enables customers to separately evaluate each component of the sales process, including vehicle purchase,
appraisal, financing, and other products and services, based on comprehensive information about the terms and associated prices of each component. Customers can accept or decline any individual element of the offer, including financing, without
affecting the price or terms of any other component of the offer.
CarMax Auto Finance
CarMax Auto Finance is the brand under which CarMax Business Services offers financing to CarMax customers. CarMax has underwritten installment
sale contracts under the name CarMax Auto Finance since 1993. Because CarMax offers financing solely through its company-owned stores, its scoring models are optimized for the CarMax retail channel and it is able to leverage its knowledge of its
customers’ behavior, the quality of its reconditioned vehicles, and the integrity of the information collected at the time the customer applies for credit when making underwriting decisions.
50
Table of Contents
For the calendar years ended December 31, 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023 and 2024, CarMax
Business Services (under the brand CarMax Auto Finance) has underwritten motor vehicle retail installment sale contracts for its portfolio of motor vehicle retail installment sale contracts (excluding contracts cancelled within three business days
after origination) aggregating approximately $6,395 million, $9,258 million, $8,883 million, $8,346 million and $8,218 million, respectively. The outstanding principal balance of motor vehicle retail installment sale contracts underwritten by CarMax
Business Services in such portfolio was approximately $17,240 million as of November 30, 2025.
Underwriting Procedures
This section describes the procedures under which CarMax Business Services, doing business as CarMax Auto Finance, underwrites retail
installment sale contracts similar to the Receivables.
Credit applications are accepted from applicants seeking to purchase a vehicle at
all CarMax locations in-store, by phone with a CarMax representative or by submitting an online pre-qualification application to CarMax Auto Finance. Each application requires that the applicant provide current information regarding their
employment, income and other factors that are relevant to an assessment of creditworthiness. This information is entered into a local terminal or over the internet and transmitted electronically to CarMax Auto Finance for decisioning. In addition,
CarMax Auto Finance obtains one or more credit reports from major credit reporting agencies summarizing each applicant’s credit history and payment habits, including such items as open accounts, credit inquiries, delinquent payments,
bankruptcies, repossessions and judgments. CarMax Auto Finance may also obtain data from alternative credit reporting agencies to supplement the information contained in traditional credit reports.
CarMax Auto Finance bases its credit underwriting decisions on objective factors. CarMax Auto Finance uses credit scoring models to assess an
applicant’s creditworthiness and to help quantify credit risk and employ risk-based pricing. The credit scoring models are statistically derived from prior credit granting experience and analyze predictive information from the credit
applications and credit bureau reports to generate a numerical credit score for each applicant. This numerical credit score indicates the risk associated with extending credit to the applicant. CarMax Auto Finance has established minimum credit
score requirements using the credit scoring models. Generally, applicants who fall below the minimums are automatically rejected.
CarMax
Auto Finance then evaluates the remaining applications according to its decision rules, which filter each application using objective criteria to make a decision. Certain of the decision rules pertain to credit-related characteristics of an
application, such as debt-to-income ratio, recent adverse credit events and the related applicant’s experience managing credit. Some of the decision rules vary according to the credit score, principal balance or loan to value ratio of an
application. Most of the decision rules are applied automatically, but certain of them require review by a credit analyst, as described below. For certain segments of applications, additional decision rules derived from alternative data may be
applied.
Most credit applications are approved or declined automatically. If an applicant meeting the minimum credit score requirements
also satisfies all applicable decision rules, the related application is approved. If an applicant does not meet these requirements, the related application is declined.
Additionally, some decision rules are used to identify particular risk factors in an application or credit file that may not be fully captured
by the credit scoring models. These risk factors include discrepancies between an application and a credit report, which often reflect errors in data input but could be a sign of fraud, and limited experience in managing credit. If CarMax Auto
Finance receives an application or credit file that is deemed to be containing any of these particular risk factors identified in the decision rules, that application will be reviewed by an experienced credit analyst. Credit analysts manually
approve or decline applications by verifying application data and applying additional decision rules established by CarMax Auto Finance as part of the underwriting procedures to address these situations. Credit analysts are not authorized to make
judgmental underwriting decisions or approve applications that do not meet CarMax Auto Finance’s established underwriting standards as a result of compensating factors or otherwise.
Credit scoring models are evaluated regularly and updated when performance data allows development of more predictive models. As part of this
regular evaluation, CarMax Auto Finance recently developed an updated
51
Table of Contents
credit scoring model and began gradual implementation of the new model starting August 7, 2024. From time to time, CarMax Auto Finance reviews and makes modifications to other aspects of the
credit offer, including the decision rules, score cut-offs, terms of the offer and offer limits, such as maximum amount financed. In addition, CarMax Auto Finance may conduct limited scale testing in which it would underwrite a new segment of
accounts and analyze the results as that segment of accounts matures. The receivables originated under any such modifications to aspects of the credit offer or limited scale testing are either automatically approved or they are approved after review
by a credit analyst based on decision rules established by CarMax Auto Finance. Any changes made to the credit scoring model or decision rules, as a result of a test or otherwise, may result in extensions of credit to obligors who would not have
been offered credit under the pre-existing approach. The overall effect of these enhancements and modifications may be to materially change the overall credit quality of the portfolio of receivables underwritten by CarMax Auto Finance. The credit
performance of a pool of securitized receivables may be affected by any such change in credit quality.
As all of its credit decisions are
based on objective factors, including those employed by credit analysts, CarMax Auto Finance does not consider any approved applications to constitute exceptions to its underwriting standards, unless an application was approved in violation of those
standards. Any application determined by CarMax Auto Finance to have been inappropriately approved is ineligible for inclusion in the pool of Receivables sold to the Trust.
Each retail installment sale contract underwritten by CarMax Auto Finance in connection with the sale of a new or used motor vehicle is
secured by that vehicle. The maximum loan amount for each financed vehicle, representing the selling price of the financed vehicle plus sales tax, license fees and title fees, is determined based upon the creditworthiness of the related obligor(s)
and is generally no more than 125% of the selling price of the financed vehicle. The actual amount financed is generally less than the maximum allowable loan amount. In each case where the amount financed exceeds the value (including any extended
service plan contracts and guaranteed asset protection (GAP) waiver agreements) of the related financed vehicle, CarMax Auto Finance has determined that the creditworthiness of the related obligor supports the additional loan amount. CarMax Auto
Finance also finances extended service plan contracts and guaranteed asset protection (GAP) waiver agreements purchased with financed vehicles.
CarMax Auto Finance believes that the resale value of a vehicle purchased by an obligor will decline below the purchase price and, in some
cases, will decline for a period of time below the principal balance outstanding on the related installment sale contract. CarMax Auto Finance regularly reviews the quality of its installment sale contracts to ensure compliance with its established
policies and procedures.
Additional Underwriting Programs
From time to time, CarMax Business Services may test, develop and implement additional underwriting programs that use credit scoring models,
decision rules, and underwriting procedures that are separate or differ from the credit scoring model, decision rules, and underwriting procedures used to underwrite the securitized assets described in this prospectus (described above under
“
—Underwriting Procedures
”).
Electronic Contracting
Certain of the retail installment sale contracts may be originated electronically. CarMax Auto and certain of its affiliates have contracted
with third parties to facilitate the process of creating and storing those electronic contracts. The third parties’ technology systems permit the transmission, storage, access and administration of electronic contracts and are comprised
of proprietary and third-party software, hardware, network communications equipment, lines and services, computer servers, data centers, support and maintenance services, security devices and other related technology materials that enable electronic
contracting in the automobile retail industry. Through use of the third parties’ technology systems, CarMax Auto (or certain of its Affiliates) originates electronic retail installment contracts and then transfers these electronic
contracts to CarMax Business Services.
The third parties’ technology systems use a combination of technological and administrative
features that are designed to: (i) designate a single copy of the record or records comprising an electronic contract as being the single authoritative copy of the receivable; (ii) manage access to and the expression of the authoritative
copy;
52
Table of Contents
(iii) identify CarMax Business Services as the owner of record of the authoritative copy; and (iv) provide a means for transferring record ownership of, and the exclusive right of
access to, the authoritative copy from the current owner of record to a successor owner of record.
SERVICING
AND COLLECTION PROCEDURES
The procedures described below relate to the servicing and collection by CarMax Business Services,
including the Receivables. In accordance with the Servicer’s servicing policies, the Servicer’s customary servicing practices may change from time to time at the Servicer’s discretion.
General
Under
the brand CarMax Auto Finance, the Servicer (including its predecessor in interest, CarMax Auto) has serviced motor vehicle receivables from its servicing center in Kennesaw, Georgia, since 1993. The Servicer offers obligors several payment method
options, including by mail to a lockbox, by telephone, online, by mobile application or in person at any CarMax location. Most payments received prior to the designated processing time on a business day are matched to an obligor and applied to that
obligor’s account by the Servicer on the day received.
When an account becomes delinquent, the Servicer employs additional
collection efforts appropriate for the relative level of account risk.
The Servicer measures delinquency by the number of days elapsed
from the date a payment is due under an installment sale contract. The Servicer considers a receivable to be delinquent when the related obligor fails to make a scheduled payment on or before the related due date or when the related obligor fails to
make the required portion of the scheduled payment by the due date, as determined in accordance with the Servicer’s customary servicing practices in effect at the time the related obligor made the scheduled payment. In October 2021, the
Servicer made certain changes to its treatment of partial payments. Prior to these changes, a receivable was considered delinquent if a partial payment was received that was less than the regular monthly payment by more than $50 and that deficiency
was not cured on or before the related due date. After implementing the October 2021 changes, a receivable will be considered delinquent if an obligor fails to pay at least 90% of the scheduled payment. The period of delinquency is based on the
number of days payments are contractually past due and is determined based on the Servicer’s servicing practices related to partial payments as in effect at the time the obligor made the scheduled payment. The Servicer may change this minimum
payment requirement from time to time in accordance with its customary servicing practices. The Servicer also uses an automated delinquency monitoring system, which assigns delinquent receivables to different categories of collection priority based
on the number of days of delinquency.
The Servicer manages its collection efforts using software that offers the ability to alter
collections strategy according to individual account behavior and historical performance. Account risk is determined through an analysis of behavioral factors, such as credit risk at the initiation of the retail installment sale contract, the number
of payments made, the level of historical delinquency and the number of times the obligor has failed to keep payment arrangements. The Servicer reviews its collections strategy on a daily basis and uses optimization techniques to enhance the
effectiveness of collection efforts.
The Servicer’s collection efforts are divided into specific areas depending upon the level of
delinquency. For accounts less than 30 days past due, early collectors focus on reaching the obligors through various contact methods depending on the level of delinquency and the history of the account. The Servicer’s customer service
representatives are trained to handle incoming calls from accounts that are fewer than 30 days past due. Accounts that reach a level of delinquency of 30 days or greater are typically assigned to the late collections group, where they are serviced
by more experienced collectors. Accounts that are 60 days past due or greater are assigned to specialized collectors trained to handle higher risk obligors by, among other things, communicating the collateral recovery process for the related
vehicle.
Once a vehicle is in the Servicer’s possession, the related obligor has a redemption period. Generally, during this period
the obligor may redeem the vehicle by paying off the related receivable in full or, in some cases, by paying off the majority of past due amounts. In either case, the receivable balance may be increased to account for the reasonable expenses
incurred by the Servicer in repossessing, holding and preparing the Financed Vehicle for
53
Table of Contents
disposition and arranging for its sale. In those states in which the UCC governs the redemption of Financed Vehicles, the obligor must be given reasonable notice of the date, time and place of
any proposed public sale of a repossessed vehicle, or the date after which any proposed private sale of a repossessed vehicle may be held, and may redeem the vehicle at any time prior to sale. In most states in which laws other than the UCC govern
the redemption of Financed Vehicles, the obligor must be given a specified period of time, usually between 10 and 30 days, to redeem a repossessed vehicle. At the conclusion of the redemption period, the Servicer will typically sell the vehicle and
any remaining Principal Balance of the related receivable is charged off. Most repossessed vehicles are sold through CarMax’s on-site wholesale auctions, which reduces fees and holding time. Any deficiency remaining after the sale of the
Financed Vehicle is pursued against the obligor to the extent deemed practical by the Servicer and to the extent permitted by law. All repossession activities are carried out in accordance with related procedures adopted by the Servicer. Other
departments in the specialty collections group include recovery collections, retention, remarketing, skip tracing, legal and bankruptcy.
In general, the Servicer charges off a receivable on the last business day of the month during which the earliest of the following occurs:
[TABLE:156]
The Servicer may reinstate an obligor’s account and reverse a previous charge off if the obligor pays past due amounts as
required by the Servicer’s customary practices.
The Servicer may extend the due date for one or more payments due on a receivable
in accordance with its customary servicing policies and practices. This may include adjusting the Servicer’s normal extension policy in times of a natural disaster or pandemic. The Servicer may change its extension policy from time to time in
accordance with its customary servicing practices. Pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the cumulative extensions with respect to any Receivable cannot cause the term of such Receivable to extend beyond the last day of the Collection Period
immediately prior to the Final Scheduled Distribution Date of the most subordinate class of Notes. If the Servicer fails to comply with the foregoing, each Receivable affected thereby will be repurchased in accordance with the Sale and Servicing
Agreement. In addition, pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Servicer may, in accordance with its customary servicing policies and practices, waive any late payment charge or any other fees that may be collected in the ordinary
course of servicing the Receivables. Typically, late fee waivers are granted as a courtesy upon customer request and are generally limited to one per contractual life. In times of a natural disaster or pandemic, the Servicer may, in
accordance with its customary servicing policies and practices, choose to waive more fees, including fees for all managed receivables for a certain period of time.
While the Servicer’s servicing policies have generally remained consistent over time, the Servicer routinely reviews its procedures and
seeks to enhance its servicing platform through the utilization of new technologies.
In accordance with the Servicer’s servicing
policies, the Servicer may change its customary servicing practices from time to time at its discretion, including to implement or modify hardship and disaster relief programs to provide relief to obligors due to social, economic, financial or other
disruptions.
Physical Damage Insurance
In general, each retail installment sale contract requires the related obligor to obtain physical damage insurance covering loss or damage to
the related Financed Vehicle. There can be no assurances, however, that each Financed Vehicle will at all times be covered by physical damage insurance.
54
Table of Contents
GAP Waiver Agreements
Obligors may purchase a waiver agreement which provides for the cancellation of all or a portion of the remaining Principal Balance of the
related Receivable in certain events, including a casualty with respect to the related Financed Vehicle after application of any casualty insurance proceeds to the amount due under the Receivable. The premium for the GAP waiver agreement is
generally included in the amount financed under the Receivable. The Servicer will deposit any amounts paid under any insurance relating to a GAP waiver agreement into the Collection Account.
HISTORICAL PERFORMANCE
Delinquency, Credit Loss and Recovery Information
Set forth below is certain information concerning the experience of CarMax Business Services pertaining to its portfolio of motor vehicle
receivables from CarMax Business Services’ core portfolio of motor vehicle retail installment sale contracts with FICO® scores at origination greater than or equal to 650. CarMax Business Services’ classification of receivables in
the “core” portfolio of receivables is based on a number of factors and may change from time to time. The information set forth below includes all motor vehicle receivables serviced by CarMax Business Services that contained such
characteristics, whether or not they have been previously sold or securitized or may be sold or securitized in the future. In October 2021, the Servicer revised its servicing practices and considers a receivable delinquent if an obligor fails to pay
at least 90% of the scheduled payment. The delinquency and credit loss information presented below, including for the periods in and after October 2021, is based on such revised servicing practices.
There can be no assurance that the delinquency, repossession and net loss experience on the pool of Receivables will be comparable to that set
forth below.
55
Table of Contents
Delinquency Experience
56
Table of Contents
The amounts included in the delinquency experience table represent principal amounts only.
The Servicer considers a receivable delinquent when an obligor fails to make a scheduled payment on or before the related due date or when the related obligor fails to make the required portion of the scheduled payment by the due date, as determined
in accordance with the Servicer’s customary servicing practices, as further described under “
Servicing and Collection Procedures
—
General
”. In October 2021, the Servicer made certain changes to its treatment of
partial payments, as described under “
Servicing and Collection Procedures
—
General
”. Prior to these changes, a receivable was considered delinquent if a partial payment was received that was less than the regular
monthly payment by more than $50 and that deficiency was not cured on or before the related due date. After implementing the October 2021 changes, a receivable will be considered delinquent if an obligor fails to pay at least 90% of the scheduled
payment. For the delinquency data presented in this table, the period of delinquency is based on the number of days payments are contractually past due and was determined based on the Servicer’s servicing practices related to partial payments
as in effect at the time the obligor made the scheduled payment. Total Delinquencies as a Percentage of Total Receivable Portfolio includes unsold repossessed vehicles and accounts in bankruptcy which are less than 120 days past due as of the
last business day of the month in accordance with the Servicer’s customary servicing practices. The delinquency periods included in the delinquency experience table are calculated based on the number of days a payment is contractually past
due. All receivables are written off not later than the last business day of the month during which they become 120 days past due in accordance with the Servicer’s customary servicing practices.
57
Table of Contents
Credit Loss Experience
58
Table of Contents
See “
The CarMax Business
” in this prospectus for a discussion of CarMax Business Services’ experience with and
overall procedures for originating, underwriting and servicing receivables.
Static Pool Information About Previous
Securitizations
Static pool information about prior pools of receivables from CarMax Business Services’ core portfolio of motor
vehicle retail installment sale contracts with FICO® scores at origination greater than or equal to 650 that were securitized by CarMax Business Services under the CAOT platform during the past five years can be found in Annex I to this
prospectus, which we refer to as the “static pool annex.” Information in the static pool annex consists of summary information for the original characteristics of such prior securitized pools and delinquency, cumulative credit losses and
prepayment data for such prior pools. No assurance can be made that the cumulative credit losses, delinquency and prepayment experience of a particular pool of retail installment sale contracts will be similar to the static pool information of prior
pools of retail installment sale contracts.
The prior securitized pools shown in the static pool annex do not include receivables with
original terms greater than 72 months. However, the pool of Receivables described in this prospectus will include Receivables with original terms greater than 72 months. Consequently, the delinquency, cumulative credit losses and prepayment data for
such prior securitized pools may not reflect actual experience with respect to the Receivables in the Receivables pool described in this prospectus.
59
Table of Contents
Repurchases of Receivables in Prior Securitized Pools
The transaction documents for prior securitizations of motor vehicle retail installment sale contracts sponsored by CarMax Business Services
contain covenants requiring the repurchase of an underlying receivable from the related pool for the breach of a representation or warranty. The depositor, as securitizer, discloses, in a report on Form ABS-15G, all fulfilled and unfulfilled
repurchase requests for securitized receivables that were the subject of a demand to repurchase. For the three-year period ending December 31, 2025, there was no activity to report with respect to any demand to repurchase receivables under any
such prior securitization sponsored by CarMax Business Services. The depositor filed its most recent report on Form ABS-15G with the SEC pursuant to Rule 15Ga-1 on February 7, 2025. The depositor’s CIK number is 0001259380. For
additional information about obtaining a copy of the report, you should refer to “
Where You Can Find Additional Information
” in this prospectus.
THE RECEIVABLES
General
The
Trust will own a pool of Receivables consisting of motor vehicle retail installment sale contracts originated by certain affiliates of CarMax Business Services and secured by security interests in the motor vehicles financed by those contracts. The
pool of Receivables was selected from CarMax Business Services’ core portfolio of motor vehicle retail installment sale contracts with a FICO® score at origination greater than or equal to 650. CarMax Business Services will sell the
Receivables to the Seller on the Closing Date pursuant to the Receivables Purchase Agreement. The Seller will sell the Receivables to the Trust on the Closing Date pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement. The property of the Trust will include
payments on the Receivables made after the Cutoff Date. Other than the Indenture Trustee as secured party under the Indenture, no party will have any material direct or contingent claim on any Receivable as of its transfer to the Trust.
The Receivables are Simple Interest Receivables. Each monthly installment under a Simple Interest Receivable consists of an amount of interest
which is calculated on the basis of the outstanding Principal Balance multiplied by the stated contract rate and further multiplied by the period elapsed (as a fraction of a calendar year) since the last payment of interest was made. Payments
received under a Simple Interest Receivable are allocated between interest and principal based on the actual date on which the payment is received. Accordingly, if an obligor on a Simple Interest Receivable pays a fixed monthly installment before
its scheduled due date:
Conversely, if an obligor pays a fixed monthly installment after its scheduled due date:
No adjustment to the scheduled monthly payments is made in the event of early or late payments, although in the case of
late payments the obligor may be subject to a late charge.
In either case, the obligor under a Simple Interest Receivable pays fixed
monthly installments until the final scheduled payment date, at which time the amount of the final installment is increased or decreased as necessary to repay the then outstanding Principal Balance. If a Simple Interest Receivable is prepaid, the
obligor is required to pay interest only to the date of prepayment.
60
Table of Contents
If the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,000,000,000, the Pool Balance
as of the Cutoff Date will be $1,005,025,872.07 and, if the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000, the Pool Balance as of the Cutoff Date will be $1,306,533,362.66. The depositor will make the determination regarding the
initial principal amount of the Notes based on, among other considerations, market conditions at the time of pricing. See “
Risk Factors—Risks associated with unknown aggregate initial principal amount of the notes
.”
Criteria Applicable to Selection of Receivables
The pool of Receivables to be sold to the Trust on the Closing Date was selected from CarMax Business Services’ core portfolio based on
several criteria, including that each such Receivable:
[TABLE:187]
[TABLE:190]
[TABLE:191]
[TABLE:193]
[TABLE:196]
The pool of Receivables was selected from CarMax Business Services’ portfolio
of Receivables that meet the criteria described above and other administrative criteria used by CarMax Business Services from time to time. The Receivables were not selected using selection procedures believed by CarMax Business Services to be
adverse to the Noteholders. No expenses incurred in connection with the selection and acquisition of the Receivables are to be payable from the offering proceeds.
The information presented throughout this prospectus pertains to Receivables that satisfied, as of the Cutoff Date, the criteria for transfer
to the Trust.
Characteristics of the Receivables
The information concerning the Receivables presented throughout this prospectus is based on two pools of Receivables as of the Cutoff Date, one
of which will be sold to the issuing entity on the Closing Date.
61
Table of Contents
As of the Cutoff Date, 174 Receivables, or approximately 0.27% of the total number of
Receivables in the pool as of the Cutoff Date, had received a payment extension (for any reason) during the month of December 2025 if the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,000,000,000, and 227 Receivables, or approximately 0.27%
of the total number of Receivables in the pool as of the Cutoff Date, had received a payment extension (for any reason) during the month of December 2025 if the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000.
The following tables set forth information with respect to the Receivables as of the Cutoff Date.
Composition of the Receivables
as of the Cutoff Date if the Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,000,000,000
If the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,000,000,000:
As of the Cutoff Date, the weighted average FICO®* score of the Receivables is 760.4, with the minimum FICO® score being 650 and the
maximum FICO® score being 900. Additionally, approximately 90% of the Pool Balance as of the Cutoff Date is composed of obligors with FICO® scores between 663 and 858, with approximately 5% of obligor FICO® scores (based on Principal
Balance) exceeding 858 and approximately 5% of obligor FICO® scores (based on Principal Balance) falling below 663. The calculations in this paragraph reflect only Receivables with obligors that have a FICO® score at the time of application.
The percentage of obligors that did not have a FICO® score at the time of application was 0.00% based on Principal Balance. A FICO® score is a measurement determined by Fair Isaac Corporation using information collected by the major credit
bureaus to assess credit risk. Data from an independent credit reporting agency, such as FICO® score, is one of several factors that may be used by CarMax Business Services in its credit scoring system to assess the credit risk associated with
each applicant. See “
The CarMax Business–Underwriting Procedures
” in this prospectus. Additionally, FICO® scores are based on independent third party information, the accuracy of which cannot be verified. FICO®
scores should not necessarily be relied upon as a meaningful predictor of the performance of the Receivables. All FICO® score information presented in this prospectus is based on the FICO® score information available at the time of
application.
62
Table of Contents
Composition of the Receivables
as of the Cutoff Date if the Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000
If the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000:
As of the Cutoff Date, the weighted average FICO®* score of the Receivables is 760.3, with the minimum FICO® score being 650 and the
maximum FICO® score being 900. Additionally, approximately 90% of the Pool Balance as of the Cutoff Date is composed of obligors with FICO® scores between 663 and 858, with approximately 5% of obligor FICO® scores (based on Principal
Balance) exceeding 858 and approximately 5% of obligor FICO® scores (based on Principal Balance) falling below 663. The calculations in this paragraph reflect only Receivables with obligors that have a FICO® score at the time of application.
The percentage of obligors that did not have a FICO® score at the time of application was 0.00% based on Principal Balance. A FICO® score is a measurement determined by Fair Isaac Corporation using information collected by the major credit
bureaus to assess credit risk. Data from an independent credit reporting agency, such as FICO® score, is one of several factors that may be used by CarMax Business Services in its credit scoring system to assess the credit risk associated with
each applicant. See “
The CarMax Business–Underwriting Procedures
” in this prospectus. Additionally, FICO® scores are based on independent third party information, the accuracy of which cannot be verified. FICO®
scores should not necessarily be relied upon as a meaningful predictor of the performance of the Receivables. All FICO® score information presented in this prospectus is based on the FICO® score information available at the time of
application.
63
Table of Contents
Distribution of the Receivables by Remaining Term to Maturity
as of the Cutoff Date if the Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,000,000,000
Distribution of the Receivables by Remaining Term to Maturity
as of the Cutoff Date if the Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000
64
Table of Contents
Distribution of the Receivables by Original Term to Maturity
as of the Cutoff Date if the Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,000,000,000
Distribution of the Receivables by Original Term to Maturity
as of the Cutoff Date if the Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000
65
Table of Contents
Distribution of the Receivables by Obligor Mailing Address
as of the Cutoff Date if the Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,000,000,000
If the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,000,000,000, each state included in the “other” category in the
distribution by obligor mailing address table accounted for not more than 1.07% of the total number of Receivables and not more than 0.92% of the Pool Balance, in each case as of the Cutoff Date.
66
Table of Contents
Distribution of the Receivables by Obligor Mailing Address
as of the Cutoff Date if the Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000
If the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000, each state included in the “other” category in the
distribution by obligor mailing address table accounted for not more than 1.07% of the total number of Receivables and not more than 0.92% of the Pool Balance, in each case as of the Cutoff Date.
67
Table of Contents
Distribution of the Receivables by Financed Vehicle Model Year
as of the Cutoff Date if the Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,000,000,000
Distribution of the Receivables by Financed Vehicle Model Year
as of the Cutoff Date if the Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000
68
Table of Contents
Distribution of the Receivables by Contract Rate
as of the Cutoff Date if the Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,000,000,000
69
Table of Contents
Distribution of the Receivables by Contract Rate
as of the Cutoff Date if the Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000
70
Table of Contents
Distribution of the Receivables by Original Principal Balance
as of the Cutoff Date if the Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,000,000,000
If the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,000,000,000, the average original Principal Balance of the Receivables was
$23,242.47 as of the Cutoff Date.
Distribution of the Receivables by Original Principal Balance
as of the Cutoff Date if the Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000
If the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000, the average original Principal Balance of the Receivables was
$23,214.17 as of the Cutoff Date.
71
Table of Contents
Distribution of the Receivables by Remaining Principal Balance
as of the Cutoff Date if the Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,000,000,000
If the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,000,000,000, the average remaining Principal Balance of the Receivables was
$15,757.20 as of the Cutoff Date.
Distribution of the Receivables by Remaining Principal Balance
as of the Cutoff Date if the Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000
If the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000, the average remaining Principal Balance of the Receivables was
$15,677.52 as of the Cutoff Date.
72
Table of Contents
Distribution of the Receivables by
FICO
®
Score
as of the Cutoff Date if the Initial Principal Amount of the
Notes is $1,000,000,000
Distribution of the Receivables by FICO® Score
as of the Cutoff Date if the Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000
Asset-level Data Regarding the Receivables
The depositor has prepared asset-level data files for the Receivables in each pool of Receivables described in this prospectus for a
hypothetical reporting period commencing on December 1, 2025, and ending on December 31, 2025, and has filed this information with the SEC in a related Form ABS-EE for each pool. The asset-level data includes information about the
Receivables, the related vehicles, the related obligors and activity on such Receivables, charge offs, repossessions and modifications of such Receivables during such hypothetical reporting period. As described in this prospectus, the Trust has the
right to receive payments made on the Receivables after the Cutoff Date and will not receive any payments described in such asset-level data files during the hypothetical reporting period. The information contained in each asset-level data file is
not a prediction of the future performance of any Receivable. Investors should carefully review the asset-level data files. Each such Form ABS-EE is incorporated by reference into this prospectus.
The Servicer will also prepare an asset-level data file about the Receivables sold to the Trust for this securitization transaction for each
Collection Period and file it with the SEC on Form ABS-EE at or before the time of filing the related Form 10-D. Such Form ABS-EE, and any information attached as exhibits to such form, will be incorporated by reference into the related Form 10-D.
Seller Review of the Pool of Receivables
The Seller performed a review of receivables and the disclosure regarding the Receivables required by Item 1111 of Regulation AB to
be included in this prospectus (such disclosure, the “
Rule 193 Information
”) that was designed and effected to provide reasonable assurance that the Rule 193 Information is accurate in all material respects. For specified
aspects of the review, the Seller engaged third parties to assist. The Seller designed
73
Table of Contents
the procedures used in the review, assumes the responsibility for the sufficiency of those procedures, and attributes to itself all findings and conclusions of the review.
The Seller uses information from databases and other management information systems to assemble an electronic data tape containing relevant
data on the pool of Receivables. From this tape, the Seller constructs the pool composition and stratification tables in “
The Receivables—Characteristics of the Receivables
” in this prospectus. The Seller also uses such
databases and other management information systems to assemble the asset-level data files for the Receivables that were filed with the SEC on Form ABS-EE.
The Seller designed procedures to test the accuracy of the transmission of individual Receivables data from information databases maintained
by CarMax Business Services to the electronic data tape. Through a random process, 125 receivables in a statistical pool of receivables as of November 30, 2025, were selected which satisfied (as of November 30, 2025) the eligibility
criteria specified under “
The Receivables—Criteria Applicable to Selection of Receivables
” (except that certain of such receivables related to obligors who had not yet made at least one payment). 118 of such sampled
receivables will be included in the pool of Receivables to be sold to the Trust on the Closing Date (the “
Final Sampled Receivables
”). CarMax Business Services made available an electronic copy of the pertinent underlying
documentation, including data records, for each reviewed Receivable. A variety of numerical values in, and other elements of, each such Receivable’s documentation were either compared to the corresponding information in the electronic data
tape or evaluated for compliance with an eligibility criterion or a representation and warranty, to determine whether any inaccuracies existed. The Seller found no material discrepancies in this review.
In addition, the Seller designed procedures to test the accuracy of the transmission of individual Receivables data from information databases
maintained by CarMax Business Services to the asset-level data files filed as exhibits to each related Form ABS-EE and incorporated by reference into this prospectus. CarMax Business Services made available an electronic data tape containing
relevant asset-level data for each Final Sampled Receivable. A variety of numerical values in such electronic data tape were compared to the corresponding information in the asset-level data files to determine whether any inaccuracies existed. The
Seller found no material discrepancies in this review.
The pool review also evaluated the eligibility criteria that pertain to standard
terms of Receivables and standard business practices, such as the criteria related to each Receivable being a fully-amortizing Simple Interest Receivable. The Seller confirmed with responsible personnel of CarMax Business Services that its systems
would not permit the origination of contracts that fail to meet these types of eligibility criteria.
Another aspect of the pool review
consisted of a comparison of selected statistical data contained in this prospectus describing the pool of Receivables to data in, or derived from, the data tape. The review consisted of a recalculation from the data in the information databases of
the number of contracts, monetary amounts, amounts and percentages displayed in this prospectus. Differences due to rounding or that were
de minimis
(less than $100) were not considered exceptions. This comparison found no material exceptions
within the specified parameters.
The pool review also evaluated the information contained in this prospectus regarding the pool of
Receivables. The descriptions of the business practices, contract terms and legal and regulatory considerations, and other information with respect to the pool of Receivables were reviewed with responsible personnel of CarMax Business Services and
counsel.
The Seller monitors internal reports and developments with respect to processes and procedures that are designed to maintain and
enhance the quality of decision-making, the quality of originated assets and the accuracy, efficiency and reliability of Receivables systems and operations. Internal control processes used by CarMax Business Services include reviews of receivables
documentation and other origination functions. Internal control audits are performed regularly on key business functions.
Following the
pool review, the Seller has concluded that it has reasonable assurance that, in all material respects, the Rule 193 Information contained in this prospectus is accurate.
74
Table of Contents
Pool Underwriting
The underwriting process for CarMax Business Services is described in “
The CarMax Business—Underwriting Procedures
” in
this prospectus. As noted there, most credit applications are approved or declined automatically, and the rest are subject to further review by a credit analyst. In the pool of Receivables, 61,265 Receivables having an aggregate Principal Balance as
of the Cutoff Date of $971,312,247.78 (representing 96.65% of the aggregate Principal Balance of the Receivables as of the Cutoff Date) were automatically approved if the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,000,000,000, and 80,046
Receivables having an aggregate Principal Balance as of the Cutoff Date of $1,262,435,109.77 (representing 96.62% of the aggregate Principal Balance of the Receivables as of the Cutoff Date) were automatically approved if the aggregate initial
principal amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000. The remaining Receivables were approved after review by a credit analyst based on the decision rules established by CarMax Business Services. As described in this prospectus, CarMax Business Services
does not consider any of the Receivables to constitute exceptions to its underwriting standards.
75
Table of Contents
MATURITY AND PREPAYMENT CONSIDERATIONS
General
The
weighted average lives of the Notes will generally be influenced by the rate at which the Principal Balances of the Receivables are paid, which payment may be in the form of scheduled amortization or prepayments. “Prepayments” for these
purposes includes the following circumstances:
In light of the above considerations, we cannot assure you as to the amount of principal payments to be made
on the Notes on each Distribution Date since that amount will depend, in part, on the amount of principal collected on the Receivables during the applicable Collection Period. Any reinvestment risks resulting from a faster or slower incidence of
prepayment of the Receivables will be borne entirely by the Noteholders.
The rate of prepayments on the Receivables may be influenced by
a variety of economic, social and other factors, including the fact that an obligor may not sell or transfer its Financed Vehicle without CarMax Business Services’ consent. These factors may also include unemployment, servicing decisions,
seasoning of Receivables, destruction of Financed Vehicles by accident, and sales of Financed Vehicles.
The timing of changes in the SOFR
Rate may affect the actual yields on the Notes even if the aggregate rate of the SOFR Rate is consistent with your expectations. Prospective investors must make an independent decision as to the appropriate SOFR Rate assumption to be used in
deciding whether to purchase a Note.
Hypothetical Decrement Tables and Weighted Average Lives of the Notes
The following information is given solely to illustrate the effect of prepayments of the Receivables on the weighted average lives of the Notes
under the stated assumptions and is not a prediction of the prepayment rate that might actually be experienced by the Receivables.
Prepayments on motor vehicle receivables can be measured relative to a prepayment standard or model. The model used in this prospectus, the
Absolute Prepayment Model or “ABS,” represents an assumed rate of prepayment each month relative to the original number of receivables in a pool of receivables. ABS further assumes that all of the receivables are the same size and
amortize at the same rate and that each receivable in each month of its life will either be paid as scheduled or be prepaid in full. For example, in a pool of receivables originally containing 10,000 receivables, a 1% ABS rate means that 100
receivables prepay each month. ABS does not purport to be an historical description of prepayment experience or a prediction of the anticipated rate of prepayment of any pool of assets, including the Receivables.
76
Table of Contents
The rate of payment of principal of each class of Notes will depend on the rate of payment
(including prepayments) of the Principal Balance of the Receivables. For this reason, final distributions in respect of the Notes could occur significantly earlier than their respective Final Scheduled Distribution Dates. The Noteholders will
exclusively bear any reinvestment risk associated with early payment of their Notes.
The ABS Tables captioned “Percent of Initial
Note Principal Amount at Various ABS Percentages (Initial Principal Amount of Notes of $1,000,000,000)” and “Percent of Initial Note Principal Amount at Various ABS Percentages (Initial Principal Amount of Notes of $1,300,000,000)”
have been prepared on the basis of the following assumed characteristics of the Receivables:
[TABLE:249]
[TABLE:251]
[TABLE:253]
[TABLE:254]
[TABLE:255]
[TABLE:256]
[TABLE:257]
[TABLE:258]
77
Table of Contents
[TABLE:262]
[TABLE:263]
The ABS Tables indicate the
projected weighted average life of each class of Notes and set forth the percent of the initial principal amount of each class of Notes that is projected to be outstanding after each of the Distribution Dates shown at various constant ABS
percentages.
The ABS Tables also assume that the Receivables have been aggregated into hypothetical pools with all of the Receivables
within each such pool having the following characteristics and that the level scheduled monthly payment for each of the pools (which is based on the aggregate Principal Balance of the Receivables in each pool, Contract Rate and remaining term to
maturity) will be such that each pool will be fully amortized by the end of its remaining term to maturity.
If the aggregate initial
principal amount of the Notes is $1,000,000,000:
If the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000:
The actual characteristics and performance of the Receivables will differ from the assumptions used in
constructing the ABS Tables. The assumptions used are hypothetical and have been provided only to give a general sense of how the principal cash flows might behave under varying prepayment scenarios. For example, it is very unlikely that the
Receivables will prepay at a constant level of ABS until maturity or that all of the Receivables will prepay at the same level of ABS. Moreover, the diverse terms of Receivables within each of the hypothetical pools could produce slower or faster
principal distributions than indicated in the ABS Tables at the various constant percentages of ABS specified, even if the weighted average note rates, weighted average original terms to maturity and weighted average remaining terms to maturity of
the Receivables are as assumed. Any difference between such assumptions and the actual characteristics and performance of the Receivables, or actual prepayment experience, will affect the percentages of initial amounts outstanding over time and the
weighted average life of each class of Notes.
78
Table of Contents
Percent of Initial Note Principal Amount at Various ABS Percentages
(Initial Principal Amount of Notes of $1,000,000,000)
79
Table of Contents
Percent of Initial Note Principal Amount at Various ABS Percentages
(Initial Principal Amount of Notes of $1,000,000,000)
80
Table of Contents
Percent of Initial Note Principal Amount at Various ABS Percentages
(Initial Principal Amount of Notes of $1,000,000,000)
81
Table of Contents
Percent of Initial Note Principal Amount at Various ABS Percentages
(Initial Principal Amount of Notes of $1,000,000,000)
82
Table of Contents
Percent of Initial Note Principal Amount at Various ABS Percentages
(Initial Principal Amount of Notes of $1,300,000,000)
83
Table of Contents
Percent of Initial Note Principal Amount at Various ABS Percentages
(Initial Principal Amount of Notes of $1,300,000,000)
84
Table of Contents
Percent of Initial Note Principal Amount at Various ABS Percentages
(Initial Principal Amount of Notes of $1,300,000,000)
85
Table of Contents
Percent of Initial Note Principal Amount at Various ABS Percentages
(Initial Principal Amount of Notes of $1,300,000,000)
86
Table of Contents
The foregoing ABS Tables have been prepared based on the assumptions described above
(including the assumptions regarding the characteristics and performance of the Receivables, which will differ from the actual characteristics and performance thereof) and should be read in conjunction therewith. The weighted average life of a class
of Notes is determined by multiplying the amount of each principal payment on the class of Notes by the number of years from the date of the issuance of the class of Notes to the related Distribution Date, adding the results and dividing the sum by
the initial principal amount of the class of Notes.
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES
General
The Trust will issue the Notes under the Indenture. A form of the Indenture has been filed as an exhibit to the registration statement
that includes this prospectus, but the form of the Indenture does not describe the specific terms of the Notes. A copy of the final form of the Indenture will be filed with the SEC no later than the date of the filing of the final prospectus. We
summarize below the material terms of the Notes. See “
The Indenture
” in this prospectus for more information about the terms and provisions of the Indenture.
Payments of Interest
Interest on the principal amounts of the Notes will accrue at the respective per annum interest rates for the various classes or tranches of
Notes and will be payable on each Distribution Date to the Noteholders of record as of the related Record Date.
The Notes will bear
interest at the respective Interest Rates set forth on the cover page of this prospectus.
Interest on the floating rate Notes will be
calculated based on the SOFR Rate plus the applicable spread set forth on the cover page to this prospectus; provided that, if the sum of the SOFR Rate and such spread is less than 0.00% for any Interest Period, then the Interest Rate for the
floating rate Notes for such Interest Period will be deemed to be 0.00%.
The “
SOFR Rate
” will be obtained by the
calculation agent for each Interest Period on the second U.S. Government Securities Business Day before the first day of such Interest Period (“
SOFR Adjustment Date
”) as of 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on such U.S. Government
Securities Business Day, at which time Compounded SOFR is published on the FRBNY’s Website (the “
SOFR Determination Time
”) (or, if the Benchmark is not SOFR, the time determined by the Administrator after giving effect to
the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes) (the “
Reference Time
”) and, except as provided below following a determination by the Administrator that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have
occurred, shall mean, with respect to the Class A-2b Notes as of any SOFR Adjustment Date, a rate equal to Compounded SOFR;
provided
,
that
, the Administrator will have the right, in its sole discretion, to make applicable SOFR
Adjustment Conforming Changes. For the purposes of computing interest on the floating rate Notes prior to the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date, the following terms will have the following
respective meanings:
“
Compounded SOFR
” with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, shall mean:
(1) the applicable compounded average of SOFR for the Corresponding Tenor of 30 days as published on such U.S. Government
Securities Business Day at the SOFR Determination Time; or
(2) if the rate specified in (1) above does not so appear,
the applicable compounded average of SOFR for the Corresponding Tenor as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such rate appeared on the FRBNY’s Website.
87
Table of Contents
The specific Compounded SOFR rate is referred to by its tenor. For example, “30-day
Average SOFR” refers to the compounded average SOFR over a rolling 30-calendar day period as published on the FRBNY’s Website.
“
FRBNY’s Website
” shall mean the website of the FRBNY, currently at
https://www.newyorkfed.org/markets/reference-rates/sofr-averages-and-index or at such other page as may replace such page on the FRBNY’s website.
“
SOFR Adjustment Conforming Changes
” shall mean, with respect to any SOFR Rate, any technical, administrative or
operational changes (including changes to the interest period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Administrator decides, from time to
time, may be appropriate to adjust such SOFR Rate in a manner substantially consistent with or conforming to market practice (or, if the Administrator decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or
if the Administrator determines that no market practice exists, in such other manner as the administrator determines is reasonably necessary).
“
U.S. Government Securities Business Day
” shall mean any day except for a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the
Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities.
All percentages resulting from any calculation on the Class A-2b Notes will be rounded to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a
percentage point, with five-millionths of a percentage point rounded upwards (e.g., 9.8765445% (or 0.098765445) would be rounded to 9.87655% (or 0.0987655)), and all dollar amounts used in or resulting from that calculation on the Class A-2b
Notes will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one-half cent being rounded upwards).
Effect of Benchmark Transition Event
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Administrator determines prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the determination of the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement determined by the Administrator will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the floating
rate Notes in respect of such determination on such date and all such determinations on all subsequent dates.
The Administrator shall
deliver written notice to each Rating Agency and to the calculation agent on any SOFR Adjustment Date if, as of the applicable Reference Time, the Administrator has determined with respect to the related Interest Period that there will be a change
in the SOFR Rate or the terms related thereto since the immediately preceding SOFR Adjustment Date due to a determination by the Administrator that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred.
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrator will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement
Conforming Changes from time to time.
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrator or any other person
in connection with a Benchmark Transition Event, a Benchmark Replacement Conforming Change or a Benchmark Replacement as described above, including any determination with respect to administrative feasibility (whether due to technical,
administrative or operational issues), a tenor, rate, an adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive
and binding absent manifest error, may be made in the Administrator’s sole discretion, and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the transaction documents, will become effective without the consent of any other person (including any
Noteholder). The holders of the Class A-2b Notes will not have any right to approve or disapprove of these changes and will be deemed to have agreed to waive and release any and all claims relating to any such determinations. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in the transaction documents, none of the Issuing Entity, the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee, the calculation agent, the Paying Agent, the Administrator, the sponsor, the depositor or the Servicer will have any
liability for any action or inaction taken or
88
Table of Contents
refrained from being taken by it with respect to any Benchmark, Benchmark Transition Event, Benchmark Replacement Date, Benchmark Replacement, Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark
Replacement Adjustment, Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes or any other matters related to or arising in connection with the foregoing. Each Noteholder and beneficial owner of Notes, by its acceptance of a note or a beneficial interest in a
note, will be deemed to waive and release any and all claims against the issuing entity, the owner trustee, the indenture trustee, the calculation agent, the paying agent, the Administrator, the sponsor, the depositor and the servicer relating to
any such determinations.
None of the Indenture Trustee, the Owner Trustee, the Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent shall be under any
obligation (i) to monitor, determine or verify the unavailability or cessation of the Benchmark or Benchmark Replacement, or whether or when there has occurred, or to give notice to any other transaction party of the occurrence of, any event
giving rise to the replacement of the SOFR Rate or a Benchmark Replacement (each of which shall be determined by Administrator), (ii) to select, identify or designate any Benchmark Replacement, or other successor or replacement benchmark index,
any Benchmark Replacement Date, any Benchmark Transition Event, or whether any conditions to the designation of such a rate have been satisfied, or (iii) to select, identify or designate any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, or other modifier
to any replacement or successor index, or (iv) to determine whether or what SOFR Conforming Changes, Benchmark Replacement Rate Conforming Changes or other amendments are necessary or advisable, if any, in connection with any of the foregoing.
None of the Indenture Trustee, the Owner Trustee, the Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent shall be liable for any inability, failure or
delay on its part to perform any of its duties set forth in the Indenture or any other Transaction Document as a result of the unavailability of SOFR Rate or Benchmark and absence of the designation of a Benchmark Replacement Rate, including as a
result of any inability, delay, error or inaccuracy on the part of any other transaction party, including without limitation the Administrator, in providing any direction, instruction, notice or information required or contemplated by the terms of
the Indenture and reasonably required for the performance of such duties.
Calculation of Interest
.
Interest will
accrue and will be calculated on the Notes as follows:
[TABLE:276]
[TABLE:277]
[TABLE:278]
[TABLE:279]
[TABLE:280]
89
Table of Contents
[TABLE:283]
Unpaid Interest Accrues
.
Interest accrued as of any Distribution Date on a class or tranche of
Notes but not paid on such Distribution Date will be due on the next Distribution Date, together with interest on such amount at the Interest Rate applicable to that class or tranche (to the extent lawful).
Priority of Interest Payments.
The Trust will pay interest on the Notes on each Distribution Date with Available Funds in accordance
with the priority set forth under “
Application of Available Funds—Priority of Distributions (Pre-Acceleration)
” or “
Application of Available Funds—Priority of Distributions (Post Acceleration)
” in
this prospectus, as applicable. Interest payments to holders of the Class A-1 Notes, the Class A-2 Notes, the Class A-3 Notes and the Class A-4 Notes will have the same priority, prior to an Event of Default and acceleration of
the Notes. If amounts available to make interest payments on a class of Class A Notes are less than the full amount of interest payable on that class of Notes on a Distribution Date, the related Noteholders will receive their ratable share of
that amount, based on the aggregate amount of interest due on that date on each class of Class A Notes. Interest payments to the holders of the Class B Notes will be made only after the interest accrued on each class of Class A Notes and,
prior to an Event of Default and acceleration of the Notes, the Priority Principal Distributable Amount, if any, have been paid in full. Interest payments to the holders of the Class C Notes will be made only after the interest accrued on each class
of Class A Notes and the Class B Notes and, prior to an Event of Default and acceleration of the Notes, the Priority Principal Distributable Amount and the Secondary Principal Distributable Amount, if any, have been paid in full. Interest
payments to the holders of the Class D Notes will be made only after the interest accrued on each class of Class A Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes and, prior to an Event of Default and acceleration of the Notes, the Priority
Principal Distributable Amount, the Secondary Principal Distributable Amount and the Tertiary Principal Distributable Amount, if any, have been paid in full. Upon an Event of Default and acceleration of the Notes, the priority of payments will
change. See “
Application of Available Funds—Priority of Distributions (Post-Acceleration)
” in this prospectus.
An Event of Default will occur if the full amount of interest due on the Notes of the Controlling Class is not paid within five Business Days
of the related Distribution Date. The failure to pay interest due on a class of Notes within five Business Days of the related Distribution Date will not be an Event of Default so long as any Notes with a higher alphabetical designation than that
class of Notes remain outstanding. See “
The Indenture—Rights Upon Event of Default
” in this prospectus.
Payments of Principal
Priority and Amount of Principal Payments
.
On each Distribution Date, Noteholders will receive
principal in an amount generally equal to the excess, if any, of:
On each Distribution Date, all Available Funds allocated to payments of principal on the Notes as described in “
Application of
Available Funds—Priority of Distributions (Pre-Acceleration)
” in this prospectus will be aggregated and will be paid out of the Note Payment Account in the following amounts and order of priority:
90
Table of Contents
If the Class A-2 Notes are split into a fixed rate tranche and a floating rate tranche, both tranches will be treated as a single class
for the purpose of principal payments.
In no event will the principal paid in respect of a class of Notes exceed the unpaid principal
amount of that class of Notes.
If the Notes have been accelerated following the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Trust will pay the
principal of the Notes as described under “
Application of Available Funds—Priority of Distributions (Post-Acceleration)
” in this prospectus.
Final Scheduled Distribution Dates
. The principal amount of any class of Notes, to the extent not previously paid, will be due on the
Final Scheduled Distribution Date for that class. The respective Final Scheduled Distribution Dates for the Notes are set forth on the cover page of this prospectus.
The date on which each class of Notes is paid in full is expected to be earlier than the Final Scheduled Distribution Date for that class and
could be significantly earlier depending upon the rate at which the Principal Balances of the Receivables are paid.
See
“
Maturity and Prepayment Considerations
” in this prospectus for a further discussion of Receivable prepayments.
Credit Enhancement
The credit or cash flow enhancement for any class of Notes is intended to enhance the likelihood of receipt by
the Noteholders of that class of the full amount of principal and interest due on the Notes and to decrease the likelihood that the Noteholders will experience losses. The credit or cash flow enhancement for a class of Notes may not provide
protection against all risks of loss and does not guarantee repayment of the entire principal amount and interest due on the Notes. If losses occur which exceed the amount covered by any credit enhancement or which are not covered by any credit
enhancement, Noteholders will bear their allocable share of deficiencies and experience losses. Forms of credit enhancement for the Notes will be subordination, overcollateralization, the Reserve Account and excess collections on the Receivables.
Subordination
. On each Distribution Date, interest and principal payments on the Notes will be subordinated as follows:
91
Table of Contents
The subordination of the Class B Notes, the Class C Notes and the Class D Notes is intended to decrease the risk of default by the Trust with
respect to payments due to the more senior classes of Notes.
Overcollateralization.
Overcollateralization represents the amount by
which the Pool Balance exceeds the aggregate principal amount of the Notes. Overcollateralization will be available to absorb losses on the Receivables that are not otherwise covered by excess collections on or in respect of the Receivables, if any.
The initial amount of overcollateralization will be an amount approximately equal to 0.50% of the Pool Balance as of the Cutoff Date. The application of funds as described in clause (12) of “
Application of Available
Funds—Priority of Distributions (Pre-Acceleration)
” in this prospectus is designed to maintain over time the amount of overcollateralization as of any Distribution Date at the Overcollateralization Target Amount. The
Overcollateralization Target Amount will be an amount equal to 0.50% of the Pool Balance as of the Cutoff Date.
Excess
Collections.
Excess collections for any Distribution Date generally will be the amount paid by obligors in respect of interest on the Receivables during the related Collection Period that exceeds the sum of the Servicing Fee, any Unreimbursed
Servicer Advances, any Unrelated Amounts, should the Indenture Trustee become the successor Servicer, indemnities or transition expenses below the $175,000 aggregate cap, any unpaid fees, expenses or indemnity amounts due to the Asset
Representations Reviewer up to a $175,000 aggregate cap and the aggregate Interest Distributable Amount for each class or tranche of Notes. Any such excess collections will be applied on each Distribution Date as an additional source of available
funds.
Reserve Account.
The Servicer will establish or cause to be established and maintain with the Account Bank the Reserve
Account into which certain excess collections on the Receivables will be deposited and from which amounts may be withdrawn to pay the monthly Servicing Fees (except that amounts withdrawn from the Reserve Account will not be used to reimburse
Unreimbursed Servicer Advances, Unrelated Amounts or be paid to CarMax Business Services or any of its affiliates in respect of Servicing Fees owing to the Servicer to the extent that CarMax Business Services or any of its affiliates is the
Servicer), any unpaid indemnity amounts and unpaid transition expenses due to the Indenture Trustee should it become successor Servicer up to a $175,000 aggregate cap, any unpaid fees, expenses or indemnity amounts due to the Asset Representations
Reviewer up to a $175,000 aggregate cap and any Unreimbursed Servicer Advances to the Servicer and to make required payments on the Notes.
The Seller will deposit the Reserve Account Initial Deposit in the Reserve Account on the Closing Date. On each Distribution Date, the
Indenture Trustee will deposit in the Reserve Account, from amounts collected on or in respect of the Receivables during the related Collection Period and not used on that Distribution Date to pay Required Payment Amounts, the amount, if any, by
which the Required Reserve Account Amount for that Distribution Date exceeds the amount on deposit in the Reserve Account on that Distribution Date, after giving effect to all required withdrawals from the Reserve Account on that Distribution Date.
The amounts on deposit in the Reserve Account will be invested by the Servicer in Permitted Investments that meet the requirements of Regulation RR. The Reserve Account must be maintained as an Eligible Deposit Account.
On each Determination Date, the Servicer will determine the Reserve Account Draw Amount, if any, for the following Distribution Date. If the
Reserve Account Draw Amount for any Distribution Date is greater than zero, the Indenture Trustee will withdraw that amount from the Reserve Account and transfer the amount withdrawn to
92
Table of Contents
the Collection Account and apply that amount as described in “
Application of Available Funds—Priority of Distributions (Pre-Acceleration)
” in this prospectus. If the
amount required to be withdrawn from the Reserve Account to cover shortfalls in available funds on deposit in the Collection Account exceeds the amount on deposit in the Reserve Account, a temporary shortfall in the amounts distributed to the
Noteholders could result. In addition, depletion of the Reserve Account ultimately could result in losses on your Notes.
If the amount on
deposit in the Reserve Account on any Distribution Date exceeds the Required Reserve Account Amount for that Distribution Date, after giving effect to all required deposits to and withdrawals from the Reserve Account on that Distribution Date, that
excess, first, will be applied to fund any deficiency in the Regular Principal Distributable Amount on that Distribution Date, second, will be applied to fund any deficiency in the amounts described in clause (13) of “
Application of
Available Funds—Priority of Distributions (Pre-Acceleration)
” in this prospectus and, third, will be paid to the Seller. After the payment in full of all accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes and the principal amount of the Notes
and the termination of the Trust, any funds remaining on deposit in the Reserve Account will be paid to the Seller.
Optional
Purchase of the Receivables and Redemption of the Notes
In order to avoid excessive administrative expense, the Servicer will be
permitted, at its option, to purchase all remaining Receivables and any other property of the Trust other than the Trust Accounts on any Distribution Date if the Pool Balance as of the close of business on the last day of the related Collection
Period was 10% or less of the Pool Balance as of the Cutoff Date. Upon such a purchase, the purchase price will be used to redeem the Notes.
See “
The Sale and Servicing Agreement—Optional Purchase of Receivables
” in this prospectus for a further discussion
of this option.
Controlling Class
So long as any Class A Notes are outstanding, the Class A Notes will be the Controlling Class. As a result, holders of the
Class A Notes generally will vote together as a single class under the Indenture. Upon payment in full of the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes will be the Controlling Class. Upon payment in full of the Class B Notes, the Class C Notes
will be the Controlling Class. Upon payment in full of the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes will be the Controlling Class.
Note Registration
The Notes will be available for purchase in denominations of $5,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 thereafter. The Notes will be available
only in book-entry form except in the limited circumstances described below. All Notes (other than Notes initially retained by the depositor or an affiliate of the depositor) will be held in book-entry form by DTC, in the name of Cede &
Co., as nominee of DTC. Investors’ interests in the Notes will be represented through financial institutions acting on their behalf as direct and indirect participants in DTC. Investors may hold their Notes through DTC or Clearstream Banking
Luxembourg S.A., which will hold positions on behalf of their customers or participants through their respective depositories, which in turn will hold such positions in accounts as DTC participants. The Notes will be traded as home market
instruments in both the U.S. domestic and European markets. Initial settlement and all secondary trades will settle in same-day funds. The DTC rules applicable to its participants are on file with the SEC. More information about DTC can be found at
www.dtcc.com.
Investors electing to hold their Notes through DTC will follow the settlement practices applicable to U.S. corporate debt
obligations. Investors electing to hold global Notes through Clearstream accounts will follow the settlement procedures applicable to conventional eurobonds, except that there will be no temporary global notes and no “lock-up” or
restricted period.
Actions of Noteholders under the Indenture will be taken by DTC upon instructions from its participants and all
payments, notices, reports and statements to be delivered to Noteholders will be delivered to DTC or its
93
Table of Contents
nominee as the registered holder of the book-entry Notes for distribution to holders of book-entry Notes in accordance with DTC’s procedures.
Investors should review the procedures of DTC and Clearstream for clearing, settlement and withholding tax procedures applicable to their
purchase of the Notes.
Definitive Notes Only in Limited Circumstances.
With respect to any Notes issued in book-entry form, such
Notes will be issued in fully registered, certificated form to Noteholders or their respective nominees, rather than to DTC or its nominee, only if:
[TABLE:298]
Upon the occurrence of any event described in the immediately preceding paragraph, DTC
will notify all applicable Noteholders through participants of the availability of Definitive Notes. Upon surrender by DTC of the Definitive Notes representing the corresponding Notes and receipt of instructions for re-registration, the Indenture
Trustee will reissue the Notes as Definitive Notes to the Noteholders.
Distributions of principal of, and interest on, the Definitive
Notes will thereafter be made by the Indenture Trustee in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Indenture directly to holders of Definitive Notes in whose names the Definitive Notes were registered at the close of business on the Record
Date for such Notes. The distributions will be made by check mailed to the address of the Noteholder as it appears on the register maintained by the Indenture Trustee or by wire transfer to the account designated in writing to the Indenture Trustee
by the Noteholder at least five Business Days prior to the related Record Date. The final payment on any Definitive Note, however, will be made only upon presentation and surrender of the Definitive Note at the office or agency specified in the
notice of final distribution to the applicable Noteholders.
Definitive Notes will be transferable and exchangeable at the offices of the
Indenture Trustee or of a registrar named in a notice delivered to holders of Definitive Notes. No service charge will be imposed for any registration of transfer or exchange, but the Indenture Trustee may require payment of a sum sufficient to
cover any tax or other governmental charge imposed in connection therewith.
Bankruptcy Limitation
The Indenture Trustee and each Noteholder, by accepting the related Notes or a beneficial interest therein, will covenant that they will not at
any time institute against the Seller or the Trust any bankruptcy, reorganization or other proceeding under any federal or state bankruptcy or similar law.
APPLICATION OF AVAILABLE FUNDS
Sources of Available Funds
The funds available to the Trust to make payments on the Notes on each Distribution Date will come from the following sources:
94
Table of Contents
Priority of Distributions (Pre-Acceleration)
On each Distribution Date, unless an Event of Default has occurred under the Indenture which has resulted in an acceleration of the Notes, the
Indenture Trustee will apply the Available Funds (except that amounts withdrawn from the Reserve Account will not be used to reimburse Unreimbursed Servicer Advances, Unrelated Amounts or be paid to CarMax Business Services or any of its affiliates
in respect of Servicing Fees owing to the Servicer to the extent that CarMax Business Services or any of its affiliates is the Servicer) for that Distribution Date in the following amounts and order of priority:
95
Table of Contents
In addition, if the aggregate amount on deposit in the Collection Account and the Reserve Account on any Distribution Date equals or exceeds
the aggregate principal amount of the Notes, accrued and unpaid interest thereon, all amounts due to the Servicer, all amounts due to the Indenture Trustee should it become successor Servicer and the Asset Representations Reviewer, all such amounts
will be applied up to the amount necessary to retire the Notes and pay such amounts due (except that amounts withdrawn from the Reserve Account will not be used to reimburse Unreimbursed Servicer Advances, Unrelated Amounts or be paid to CarMax
Business Services or any of its affiliates in respect of Servicing Fees owing to the Servicer to the extent that CarMax Business Services or any of its affiliates is the Servicer).
96
Table of Contents
APPLICATION OF FUNDS
(Pre-Acceleration)
The
following diagram shows how Available Collections and, if necessary, funds withdrawn from the Reserve Account will be applied prior to an acceleration of the Notes.
97
Table of Contents
Priority of Distributions (Post-Acceleration)
If the Notes have been accelerated following the occurrence of an Event of Default under the Indenture, the priority of distributions will
change from the normal priority set forth under “
Application of Available Funds—Priority of Distributions (Pre-Acceleration)
.” On each Distribution Date following acceleration of the Notes, the Indenture Trustee will apply
the Available Funds and all amounts on deposit in the Reserve Account (except that amounts withdrawn from the Reserve Account will not be used to reimburse Unreimbursed Servicer Advances, Unrelated Amounts or be paid to CarMax Business Services or
any of its affiliates in respect of Servicing Fees owing to the Servicer to the extent that CarMax Business Services or any of its affiliates is the Servicer) for that Distribution Date in the following amounts and order of priority:
[TABLE:325]
[TABLE:326]
[TABLE:327]
[TABLE:328]
98
Table of Contents
[TABLE:339]
[TABLE:340]
[TABLE:341]
[TABLE:342]
99
Table of Contents
APPLICATION OF FUNDS
(Post-Acceleration)
The
following diagram shows how Available Funds will be applied after an acceleration of the Notes.
100
Table of Contents
TRANSACTION FEES AND EXPENSES
The following table sets forth information with respect to the fees payable to the Servicer, the Asset Representations Reviewer, the Indenture
Trustee and the Owner Trustee. On each Distribution Date, Available Funds will be applied to pay the Servicing Fee to the Servicer (except that amounts withdrawn from the Reserve Account will not be used to reimburse Unreimbursed Servicer Advances,
Unrelated Amounts or be paid to CarMax Business Services or any of its affiliates in respect of Servicing Fees owing to the Servicer to the extent that CarMax Business Services or any of its affiliates is the Servicer) and, to the extent not paid by
the Servicer or the Administrator, as applicable, any unpaid fees, expenses and indemnity amounts payable to the Asset Representations Reviewer and the Indenture Trustee, in each case, as described under “
Application of Available
Funds—Priority of Distributions (Pre-Acceleration
)” and “—
Priority of Distributions (Post-Acceleration
)” in this prospectus. On each Distribution Date following the occurrence of an Event of Default under the
Indenture which has resulted in an acceleration of the Notes, Available Funds will be applied to pay amounts due to the Owner Trustee pursuant to the Trust Agreement, to the extent not previously paid by the Servicer, as described under
“
Application of Available Funds—Priority of Distributions (Post-Acceleration
)” in this prospectus.
The formula
for the Servicing Fee (which excludes any Additional Servicing Fee which may be agreed to by the Indenture Trustee and any successor Servicer should CarMax Business Services be removed as Servicer) and the fees payable to the Asset Representations
Reviewer, the Indenture Trustee and the Owner Trustee are listed in the table below and will not change during the term of this securitization transaction.
The Servicing Fee is paid to the Servicer for the servicing of the Receivables under the Sale and Servicing
Agreement. The Servicer will be responsible for its own expenses under the Sale and Servicing Agreement, except that the Servicer may, at its option, deduct from collections the costs and expenses of the repossession and disposition of Financed
Vehicles and external costs of collection on Defaulted Receivables. If a successor Servicer has replaced CarMax Business Services as Servicer, on each Distribution Date, Available Funds will also be applied to pay certain indemnity amounts and any
transition expenses due in respect of the transfer of servicing to such successor Servicer as described under “
Application of Available Funds—Priority of Distributions (Pre-Acceleration
)” and “—
Priority of
Distributions (Post-Acceleration
)” in this prospectus. The Asset Representations Reviewer fee is paid to the Asset Representations Reviewer for performance of the Asset Representations Reviewer’s duties under the Asset
Representations Review Agreement. The Asset Representations Reviewer’s compensation will include its reasonable out of pocket expenses incurred under the Asset Representations Review Agreement and any indemnities owed to the Asset
Representations Reviewer. The Indenture Trustee fee is paid to the Indenture Trustee for performance of the Indenture Trustee’s duties under the Indenture. The Indenture Trustee’s compensation will include its reasonable out of pocket
expenses incurred under the Indenture and any indemnities owed to the Indenture Trustee. The Owner Trustee fee is paid to the Owner Trustee for performance of the Owner Trustee’s duties under the Trust Agreement. The Owner Trustee’s
compensation will include its reasonable out of pocket expenses incurred under the Trust Agreement and any indemnities owed to the Owner Trustee.
See “
The Sale and Servicing Agreement—Servicing Compensation and Expenses
” in this prospectus for more information
regarding the Servicing Fee. See “
The Indenture—Duties of the Indenture Trustee
” in this prospectus for more information regarding the compensation and indemnification of the Indenture Trustee.
101
Table of Contents
MONTHLY INVESTOR REPORTS
Pool Factors
The Servicer will provide to you in each monthly investor report a factor which you can use to compute your portion of the principal amount
outstanding on the Notes.
Calculation of the Factor For Your Class of Notes
. The Servicer will compute a separate factor for each
class of Notes. The factor for each class of Notes will be a seven-digit decimal which the Servicer will compute for each class of Notes, after giving effect to payments to be made on such Distribution Date, as a fraction of the initial outstanding
principal amount of that class.
Your Portion of the Outstanding Amount of the Notes
. For each Note you own, your portion of that
class of Notes will be the product of:
The factor for each class of Notes will initially be 1.0000000 and will decline as the Outstanding principal amount of
that class is reduced. The Outstanding principal amount of each class of Notes will be reduced over time as a result of scheduled payments, prepayments, purchases of the Receivables by the Seller or the Servicer and liquidations of the Receivables.
Contents of Monthly Investor Reports
On or before each Determination Date, the Servicer will prepare and deliver to the Indenture Trustee, with copies to the Seller, the Owner
Trustee, the Rating Agencies and each Paying Agent, if applicable, a monthly investor report for the Indenture Trustee to make available to each beneficial owner of the Notes. Each monthly investor report will contain information about the payments
to be made on the Notes on the following Distribution Date, the performance of the Receivables during the preceding month and the status of any credit enhancement. For so long as the Trust is required to file reports under the Exchange Act, the
Servicer will file each monthly investor report with the SEC on Form 10-D within 15 days after the related Distribution Date. These reports on Form 10-D can be viewed electronically at the SEC’s website as described under “
Where You
Can Find Additional Information
” in this prospectus. You may obtain copies of these reports free of charge by contacting CarMax Funding at the address set forth under “
Copies of the Documents
” in this prospectus. The
Indenture Trustee will make available each month to investors the related monthly investor report via the Indenture Trustee’s password-protected internet website. The Indenture Trustee’s internet website will be located at
https://pivot.usbank.com or at such other address as the Indenture Trustee shall notify the investors from time to time. For assistance with regard to this service, you can call the Indenture Trustee’s corporate trust office at
(800) 934-6802.
Each monthly investor report will contain the following information for the related Distribution Date:
102
Table of Contents
[TABLE:365]
The Servicer, on behalf of the Trust, will file a Form 10-D for the Trust with the SEC within 15 days after each Distribution Date which will
include the monthly investor report for that Distribution Date and the following information, if applicable:
[TABLE:368]
103
Table of Contents
Within a reasonable period of time after the end of each calendar year during the term of
Trust, the Indenture Trustee will make available to each person who at any time during such calendar year was a Noteholder and received any payment with respect to the Trust a statement containing certain information for the purposes of the
Noteholder’s preparation of federal and State income tax returns. See “
Material Federal Income Tax Consequences
” in this prospectus for more information about tax reporting.
Investor Communications
The Indenture will provide that any beneficial owner of Notes may require that the Servicer cause the Trust to include in its Form 10-D filing
a request to communicate with other beneficial owners of Notes related to a possible exercise of the Noteholders’ rights under the transaction documents. A beneficial owner of Notes should send its request to the Servicer at
CMX_Corp_Fin_Dept@carmax.com. The beneficial owner of Notes must include in its request the method by which other beneficial owners of Notes should contact it.
The Servicer will cause the following information to be included in the Form 10-D related to the reporting Collection Period in which the
request was received:
The Servicer will bear any costs associated with including the above information in the Form 10-D. The
beneficial owners of Notes will pay any costs associated with communicating with other beneficial owners of Notes, and no other transaction party, including the Trust, will be responsible for such costs.
If Definitive Notes are issued and the requesting beneficial owner is the record holder of any Notes, no verification procedures will be
required. If the requesting party is not the record holder of any Notes and is instead a beneficial owner of Notes, then the request must include (1) a written certification from such party that it is a beneficial owner of Notes and (2) an
additional form of documentation to prove ownership, such as a trade confirmation, an account statement, a letter from a broker or dealer or other similar document.
104
Table of Contents
PRINCIPAL DOCUMENTS
In general, the operations of the Trust will be governed by the following documents:
105
Table of Contents
THE TRUST AGREEMENT
General
The
Seller will form the Trust pursuant to the Trust Agreement. The Trust will, concurrently with the transfer of the Receivables to the Trust pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, issue the Certificates to the Seller pursuant to the Trust
Agreement. A form of the Trust Agreement has been filed as an exhibit to the registration statement that includes this prospectus, but the form of the Trust Agreement does not describe the specific terms of the transactions related to the Notes. A
copy of the final form of the Trust Agreement will be filed with the SEC no later than the date of the filing of the final prospectus. This summary describes the material provisions of the Trust Agreement. This summary does not purport to be
complete and is subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, all the provisions of the Trust Agreement.
Amendment
The
Trust Agreement may be amended from time to time by the Seller and the Owner Trustee, but without the consent of the Noteholders, Certificateholders or any other person; provided, however, that (i) no such amendment may, as evidenced by an
opinion of counsel to the Seller delivered to the Indenture Trustee, adversely affect in any material respect the interests of the Noteholders or (ii) the Rating Agency Condition must be satisfied with respect to such amendment. The Trust
Agreement may also be amended from time to time by the parties thereto for the purpose of conforming the terms of the Trust Agreement to the description thereof in this prospectus.
The Trust Agreement may also be amended from time to time by the Seller and the Owner Trustee, with the consent of the holders of Notes
evidencing not less than 51% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes or, if the Notes have been paid in full, the holders of Certificates evidencing not less than 51% of the aggregate certificate percentage interest and with prior written
notice to each Rating Agency, for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of the Trust Agreement or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Noteholders or Certificateholders;
provided, however, that no such amendment may:
[TABLE:379]
Prior to the execution of any amendment to the Trust Agreement, the Owner Trustee shall be entitled to receive and shall be fully protected in
relying upon an opinion of counsel or an officer’s certificate stating that the execution of such amendment is authorized or permitted by the Trust Agreement, and all conditions precedent to such amendment in the Trust Agreement have been
satisfied. The Owner Trustee may, but shall not be obligated to, enter into any such amendment which affects its own rights, duties or immunities under the Trust Agreement or otherwise.
106
Table of Contents
Termination
The obligations of the Seller and the Owner Trustee under the Trust Agreement will terminate, and the Trust will dissolve, upon the earlier of
(i) the payment to the Servicer, the Noteholders and the Certificateholders of all amounts required to be paid to them under the Indenture, the Sale and Servicing Agreement and the Trust Agreement and (ii) the Distribution Date immediately
following the month which contains the one year anniversary of the maturity or other liquidation of the last outstanding Receivable and the disposition of any amounts received upon liquidation of any remaining property in the Trust.
THE RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
CarMax Business Services will sell the Receivables to the Seller under the terms of a Receivables Purchase Agreement between CarMax Business
Services and the Seller. A form of the Receivables Purchase Agreement has been filed as an exhibit to the registration statement that includes this prospectus, but the form of the Receivables Purchase Agreement does not describe the specific terms
of the transactions related to the Notes. A copy of the final form of the Receivables Purchase Agreement will be filed with the SEC no later than the date of the filing of the final prospectus. This summary describes the material provisions of the
Receivables Purchase Agreement. This summary does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, all the provisions of the Receivables Purchase Agreement.
Sale and Assignment of Receivables
CarMax Business Services will transfer and assign to the Seller, without recourse, under the Receivables Purchase Agreement its entire interest
in the Receivables, including its security interests in the related Financed Vehicles. Each Receivable will be identified in a schedule appearing as an exhibit to the Receivables Purchase Agreement.
Representations and Warranties Regarding the Receivables
CarMax Business Services will represent and warrant to the Seller in the Receivables Purchase Agreement, among other things, that at the date
of the Receivables Purchase Agreement and date of issuance of the Notes:
107
Table of Contents
None of the Issuing Entity, the Administrator, Indenture Trustee, the Owner Trustee, the Asset Representations
Reviewer or the Servicer has any obligation to investigate the accuracy of the representations and warranties of CarMax Business Services or whether any Receivable may be an ineligible receivable.
The Seller will assign its rights under the Receivables Purchase Agreement to the Trust pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement.
Repurchase of Receivables
In general, if CarMax Business Services breaches a representation or warranty regarding a Receivable set forth in the Receivables Purchase
Agreement and such breach shall not have been cured by the close of business on the last day of the Collection Period which includes the 60th day after the date on which CarMax Business Services becomes aware of, or receives written notice of, such
breach (including by receipt of a review report from the Asset Representations Reviewer indicating that a test was failed for a Receivable), CarMax Business Services will investigate the Receivable to confirm the breach and determine if such breach
materially and adversely affects the interest of the Seller, the Trust or the Noteholders in any Receivable. Any such breach or failure will be deemed not to have a material and adverse effect if such breach or failure has not affected the ability
of the Trust to receive and retain payment in full on such Receivable. If CarMax Business Services determines such breach materially and adversely affects the interest of the Seller, the Trust or the Noteholders in any Receivable and is not cured,
CarMax Business Services will repurchase such Receivable from the Seller (or any subsequent assignee) on the Distribution Date immediately following such Collection Period at a price equal to the related Purchase Amount. The repurchase obligation
constitutes the sole remedy available to the Seller (or any subsequent assignee) for any such uncured breach.
Termination
The obligations of CarMax Business Services, except for its indemnity obligations, and the Seller under the Receivables Purchase
Agreement will terminate upon the termination of the Trust as provided in the Trust Agreement.
THE SALE AND
SERVICING AGREEMENT
The Seller will sell the Receivables to the Trust and the Servicer will service the Receivables on behalf of the
Trust under the terms of the Sale and Servicing Agreement among the Trust, the Seller and the Servicer. A form of the Sale and Servicing Agreement has been filed as an exhibit to the registration statement that includes this prospectus, but the form
of the Sale and Servicing Agreement does not describe the specific terms of the transactions related to the Notes. A copy of the final form of the Sale and Servicing Agreement will be filed with the SEC no later than the date of the filing of the
final prospectus. This summary describes the material provisions of the Sale and Servicing Agreement. This summary does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, all the provisions of the Sale
and Servicing Agreement.
Sale and Assignment of Receivables
The Seller will transfer and assign to the Trust, without recourse, under the Sale and Servicing Agreement, its entire interest in the
Receivables transferred and assigned by CarMax Business Services to the Seller under the Receivables Purchase Agreement, including its security interests in the related Financed Vehicles. Each Receivable will be identified in a schedule appearing as
an exhibit to the Sale and Servicing Agreement.
Representations and Warranties Regarding the Receivables
The Seller will represent and warrant to the Trust in the Sale and Servicing Agreement, among other things, that at the date of issuance of the
Notes:
108
Table of Contents
None of the Indenture Trustee, the Owner Trustee, the Asset Representations Reviewer or the Servicer has any
obligation to investigate the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Seller or whether any Receivable may be an ineligible receivable.
Pursuant to the Indenture, the Trust will assign its rights in the foregoing representations and warranties to the Indenture Trustee for the
benefit of the Noteholders.
The depositor will report any requests or demands to repurchase Receivables and related activity and status
on Form ABS-15G.
Repurchase of Receivables
In general, if the Seller breaches a representation or warranty regarding a Receivable set forth in the Sale and Servicing Agreement and such
breach shall not have been cured by the close of business on the last day of the Collection Period which includes the 60th day after the date on which the Seller becomes aware of, or receives written notice of such breach (including by receipt of a
review report from the Asset Representations Reviewer indicating that a test was failed for a Receivable), the Seller will investigate the Receivable to confirm the breach and determine if such breach materially and adversely affects the interest of
the Trust or the Noteholders in any Receivable. Any such breach or failure will be deemed not to have a material and adverse effect if such breach or failure has not affected the ability of the Trust to receive and retain payment in full on such
Receivable. Any written repurchase request must provide sufficient detail so as to allow CarMax Business Services or the Seller to reasonably investigate the alleged breach of the representations and warranties made by the Seller related to the
Receivables. If the Seller determines such breach materially and adversely affects the interest of the Trust or the Noteholders in a Receivable and is not cured, the Seller will repurchase such Receivable from the Trust on the Distribution Date
immediately following such Collection Period at a price equal to the related Purchase Amount. The repurchase obligation constitutes the sole remedy available to the Noteholders or the Indenture Trustee in respect of the Trust for any such uncured
breach.
109
Table of Contents
Dispute Resolution Procedures
If a request is made for the repurchase of a Receivable due to a breach of a representation or warranty made about the Receivables, and the
repurchase request is not resolved within 180 days after receipt by CarMax Business Services or the Seller of notice of the repurchase request, the requesting party will have the right to refer the matter, in its discretion, to either mediation
(including non-binding arbitration) or binding third-party arbitration. This right applies to all repurchase requests made in accordance with the Receivables Purchase Agreement and the Sale and Servicing Agreement and is not limited to repurchase
requests made in connection with a review pursuant to the asset representations review process described under “
The Asset Representations Review Agreement
.” This right is not a mechanism for requesting repurchase or other relief
from losses resulting from changes in the credit quality of the Receivables or other market conditions. Neither CarMax Business Services nor the Seller will repurchase a Receivable with respect to which the related breach of a representation or
warranty did not materially adversely affect the interest of the Trust or the Noteholders in the Receivable. If a Receivable is paid off, satisfied or repurchased, no demands to repurchase are permitted, and there is no further right to mediation or
arbitration regarding that Receivable. None of the representations and warranties related to the Receivables relate to the performance of the Receivables or to any credit losses that may occur as a result of a default by the related obligor on a
Receivable. Furthermore, the dispute resolution procedures described below apply only to the specific Receivables that are related to the dispute.
The requesting party may choose either mediation (including non-binding arbitration) or third-party binding arbitration at its discretion. In
each case, the process will be administrated by The American Arbitration Association (the “
ADR Facilitator
”) pursuant to the ADR Facilitator’s governing rules and procedures, as applicable, or any successor rules or
procedures (the “
ADR Rules
”). The mediation or arbitration will take place in New York, New York. The Administrator will direct the Indenture Trustee to, and the Indenture Trustee will, notify the requesting party at the end of
the 180-day period if a repurchase demand is unresolved. Within the applicable statute of limitations and within 30 days of the delivery of the notice indicating that a repurchase demand has not been resolved following the end of the 180-day period,
the requesting party must initiate the proceedings according to the rules of the ADR Facilitator and provide notice (as defined by the ADR Rules) to CarMax Business Services and the Seller of its intent to pursue resolution through mediation or
arbitration. The Seller must respond to the notice within 30 days and must submit to the method of dispute resolution requested.
If the
requesting party chooses to refer the matter to mediation, the Seller and the requesting party will agree on a neutral mediator approved by the ADR Facilitator within 15 business days of notice service. If the parties cannot agree on a mediator, one
will be appointed by the ADR Facilitator in accordance with the applicable ADR Rules. For a mediation, the proceeding will start within 15 days after the selection of the mediator and conclude within 30 days after the start of the mediation. The
parties will mutually agree on the allocation of expenses incurred in connection with the mediation and, should the parties not agree on the allocation of expenses, the expenses will be determined in accordance with ADR Rules. If the parties fail to
agree at the completion of the mediation, the requesting party may refer the repurchase request to binding arbitration or adjudicate the dispute in court.
If the requesting party chooses to refer the matter to binding arbitration, the matter will be referred to a panel of three arbitrators to be
selected in accordance with the ADR Rules. The Seller will provide a notice of the commencement of any arbitration on the Form 10-D related to the monthly period in which the arbitration proceeding commences and will give other Noteholders and
beneficial owners of Notes the right to participate in the arbitration proceeding. The arbitrator will have the authority to schedule, hear and determine any motions, including dispositive and discovery motions, according to New York law, and will
do so at the motion of any party. Discovery will be completed within 30 days of appointment of the panel and will be limited for each party to two witness depositions not to exceed five hours, two interrogatories, one document request and one
request for admissions. The panel, however, may grant additional discovery if good cause exists, there is an unavoidable delay or with the consent of all of the parties. Briefs will be limited to no more than ten pages each, and will be limited to
initial statements of the case, discovery motions and a pre-hearing brief. The evidentiary hearing on the merits will commence no later than 60 days following the appointment of the panel and will proceed for no more than 10 consecutive business
days, with equal time allotted to each side for the presentation of direct evidence and cross examination. In each case, the panel will have discretion to modify these timeframes if, based on the facts and circumstances of the particular dispute,
good cause exists, there is an unavoidable delay or with the consent of all of the relevant parties. The panel will render its decision on the matter within 90 days of the selection of the panel. The
110
Table of Contents
panel will resolve the dispute according to the transaction documents, including choice-of-law provisions, and may not modify or change the transaction documents in any way or award remedies not
consistent with the transaction documents. The panel will not be permitted to award punitive or special damages. The panel will also determine which party will be responsible for paying the dispute resolution fees, including attorneys’ fees,
incurred in this process. Judgment on the award will be entered in any court having jurisdiction. Once the panel makes a decision with respect to a Receivable, the panel’s decision will be binding with respect to that Receivable, and such
Receivable may not be the subject of any additional mediation or binding arbitration. By selecting binding arbitration, the requesting party will be giving up its right to adjudicate the dispute in court, including the right to a trial by jury.
In all cases, the proceedings of the mediation or binding arbitration, including the occurrence of such proceedings, the nature and amount of
any relief sought or granted and the results of any discovery taken in the matter, will be kept strictly confidential by each of the parties to the dispute, except it can share the information with its attorneys, experts, accountants and other
advisors, as reasonably required in connection with the mediation or arbitration, or as otherwise required by law. This obligation will not prevent a beneficial owner of Notes from communicating with other beneficial owners of Notes related to a
possible exercise of the Noteholders’ rights under the transaction documents as described under “
Monthly Investor Reports—Investor Communication
” in this prospectus, nor will CarMax Business Services or the Seller be
prohibited from providing notice of the commencement of any arbitration on Form 10-D as described above. Neither CarMax Business Services nor the Seller will be required to produce personally identifiable customer information for purposes of any
mediation or arbitration.
Servicing the Receivables
To assure uniform quality in servicing the Receivables and to reduce administrative costs, the Trust will designate the Servicer to service and
administer the Receivables and, as custodian on behalf of the Trust, to maintain possession of the installment sale contracts and any other documents relating to the Receivables. To reduce administrative costs, the tangible retail installment sale
contracts and any other tangible documents relating to the Receivables will not be physically segregated from other similar documents that are in the Servicer’s possession or otherwise stamped or marked to reflect the transfer to the Trust and
the obligors under the Receivables will not be notified of the transfer. Although the indenture trustee will not rely on “control” (within the meaning of the UCC) over the electronic retail installment sale contracts as the legal basis
for the perfection of its security interest in the electronic retail installment sale contracts that constitute chattel paper, CarMax Business Services, LLC, as servicer, will agree to not communicate the “authoritative copy” (as such
term is used in the UCC) of any electronic retail installment sale contracts that constitute chattel paper to any person other than the depositor, the Trust or the Indenture Trustee. However, UCC financing statements reflecting the transfer of the
Receivables by the Seller to the Trust will be filed and the Servicer’s accounting records and computer systems will be marked to reflect such transfer. Because the Receivables will remain in the Servicer’s possession and will not be
stamped or otherwise marked to reflect the transfer to the Trust, the Trust’s interest in the Receivables could be defeated if a subsequent purchaser were to obtain physical possession of the Receivables (or, in the case of a Receivable that
is originated in electronic form, “control” of the related electronic contract under the UCC) without knowledge of such transfer. See “
Material Legal Issues Relating to the Receivables—Security Interests in the Financed
Vehicles
” in this prospectus.
The Servicer will make reasonable efforts to collect all payments due with respect to the
Receivables and will, consistent with the Sale and Servicing Agreement, follow such collection procedures as it follows with respect to comparable motor vehicle retail installment sale contracts that it services for itself or others. The Servicer
may, consistent with its normal procedures, defer a payment on a Receivable or otherwise modify the payment schedule of a Receivable. If the Servicer determines that a receivable qualifies as a Defaulted Receivable, the Servicer will follow its
customary practices and procedures to realize upon the Receivable, including the repossession and disposition of the related Financed Vehicle at a public or private sale or the taking of any other action permitted by applicable law.
Extensions and Modifications
The Servicer may grant extensions, rebates, deferrals, amendments, modifications, temporary reductions in payments or adjustments with respect
to any Receivable in accordance with its customary servicing practices;
111
Table of Contents
provided
, that, if the Servicer (i) extends the date for final payment by the obligor of any Receivable beyond the last day of the Collection Period immediately prior to the Final
Scheduled Distribution Date for the Class D Notes or (ii) reduces the APR or unpaid principal balance with respect to any Receivable, other than as required by applicable law (including, without limitation, by the Servicemembers Civil Relief
Act) or court order or at the direction of a regulatory authority or in accordance with regulatory guidance, the Servicer will agree under the Sale and Servicing Agreement to purchase that Receivable for an amount equal to the Purchase Amount as of
the last day of the Collection Period during which such extension or reduction occurs. The purchase obligation of the Servicer under the Sale and Servicing Agreement will constitute the sole remedy available to the Trust, the Noteholders, the
Indenture Trustee, the Certificateholders or the Owner Trustee for any extension of a payment schedule that causes a Receivable to remain outstanding after the Collection Period preceding the Final Scheduled Distribution Date for the Class D Notes.
The ability of the Servicer to make modifications on the Receivables is not expected to have a material impact on the distributions on the Notes.
Accounts
The Servicer will establish or cause to be established and maintain for the Trust with the Account Bank, in the name of
the Indenture Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders, the Collection Account, into which all payments made on or with respect to the Receivables will be deposited. The Servicer will establish and maintain with the Account Bank, the Note Payment
Account in the name of the Indenture Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders, into which amounts released from the Collection Account and any other accounts of the Trust for payment to such Noteholders will be deposited and from which all payments to
such Noteholders will be made. As described under “
Description of the Notes—Credit Enhancement—Reserve Account
” in this prospectus, the Servicer will establish and maintain with the Account Bank in the name and for the
benefit of the Trust, the Reserve Account, into which certain excess collections on the Receivables will be deposited and from which certain amounts may be withdrawn and paid as described in “
Application of Available Funds—Priority of
Distributions (Pre-Acceleration
)” in this prospectus.
All funds on deposit in the Collection Account and the Reserve Account
will be invested by the bank or trust company then maintaining the accounts, as directed by the Servicer, in Permitted Investments as provided in the Sale and Servicing Agreement. Funds on deposit in the Reserve Account will be invested in Permitted
Investments that meet the requirements of Regulation RR as determined by the Servicer. Permitted Investments are generally limited to obligations or securities that mature on or before the Business Day preceding the Distribution Date following the
Collection Period during which the investment is made or on or before the Business Day preceding the next Distribution Date in the case of funds on deposit in the Reserve Account. Thus, the amount of cash available in the Reserve Account at any time
may be less than the balance of the Reserve Account. If the amount required to be withdrawn from the Reserve Account to cover shortfalls in collections on the Receivables exceeds the amount of cash in the Reserve Account, a temporary shortfall in
the amounts distributed to the Noteholders could result, which could, in turn, increase the average life of the Notes. All net investment earnings on funds on deposit in the Collection Account and the Reserve Account will be deposited in the
Collection Account or distributed as provided in the Sale and Servicing Agreement.
The Trust Accounts will be maintained as Eligible
Deposit Accounts, which satisfy certain requirements of the Rating Agencies.
On each Distribution Date, the Servicer will notify the
Indenture Trustee to withdraw the Reserve Account Draw Amount, if any, from the Reserve Account and to deposit this amount into the Collection Account.
Collections
The Servicer will deposit all amounts received on or in respect of the Receivables (other than Supplemental Servicing Fees) into the Collection
Account within two Business Days after such receipt; provided, however, that the Servicer will not be required to deposit such amounts into the Collection Account until the Business Day preceding the Distribution Date following the Collection Period
during which such amounts were received at any time that and for so long as:
112
Table of Contents
All amounts received on or in respect of a Receivable during any Collection Period will be applied first to
any outstanding Simple Interest Advances made by the Servicer with respect to such Receivable and then to the scheduled payment.
The
Servicer will have the power, revocable by the Indenture Trustee or by the Trust with the consent of the Indenture Trustee, in each case at the written direction of the Holders of the Notes evidencing not less than 51% of the Note Balance of the
Controlling Class, to instruct the Indenture Trustee to make withdrawals and payments from the Collection Account, the Note Payment Account, the Reserve Account and the Certificate Payment Account for the purpose of permitting the Servicer or the
Owner Trustee to carry out its respective duties under the transaction documents or permitting the Indenture Trustee to carry out its duties under the Indenture.
Advances
The
Servicer, at its option, may make Simple Interest Advances on the Business Day preceding each Distribution Date to the extent that the Servicer determines that such advances will be recoverable from subsequent collections or recoveries on the
Receivables. The Servicer will recover Simple Interest Advances from subsequent payments by or on behalf of the respective obligor or, upon the Servicer’s determination that such advance is an Unreimbursed Servicer Advance, from any Available
Funds as described in clause (1) under “
Application of Available Funds—Priority of Distributions (Pre-Acceleration)
” and “
—Priority of Distributions (Post-Acceleration)
” in this prospectus. No
advances of principal will be made with respect to Simple Interest Receivables. The Servicer will deposit all Simple Interest Advances into the Collection Account on the Business Day preceding the Distribution Date following the Collection Period
during which the related interest payment was due. No successor Servicer will be obligated to make any Simple Interest Advances, but if the Indenture Trustee is the successor Servicer, it will not make Simple Interest Advances.
Servicing Compensation and Expenses
The Servicer will be entitled to receive the Servicing Fee on each Distribution Date. The Servicing Fee, together with any portion of the
Servicing Fee that remains unpaid from the prior Distribution Date, will be payable on each Distribution Date. The Servicing Fee will be paid only to the extent of the funds deposited into the Collection Account with respect to the Collection Period
relating to such Distribution Date, plus funds, if any, deposited into the Collection Account from the Reserve Account (except that amounts withdrawn from the Reserve Account will not be used to reimburse Unreimbursed Servicer Advances, Unrelated
Amounts or be paid to CarMax Business Services or any of its affiliates in respect of Servicing Fees owing to the Servicer to the extent that CarMax Business Services or any of its affiliates is the Servicer). The Servicer will also be entitled to
receive the Supplemental Servicing Fees.
The Servicing Fee and any Supplemental Servicing Fees are intended to compensate the Servicer
for performing the functions of a third party servicer of the Receivables as an agent for the Trust, including collecting and posting all payments, responding to inquiries of obligors on the Receivables, investigating delinquencies, sending payment
coupons to obligors, reporting federal income tax information to obligors, paying costs of collections and policing the collateral. The fees will also compensate the Servicer for administering the Receivables, including making Simple Interest
Advances, accounting for collections, furnishing monthly and annual statements to the Owner Trustee and Indenture Trustee with respect to distributions and generating federal income tax information for the Trust. The fees, if any, also will
reimburse the Servicer for certain taxes, accounting fees, outside auditor fees, and data processing costs and other costs incurred in connection with administering the Receivables.
113
Table of Contents
On each Distribution Date, Servicer will be entitled to receive an amount equal to any funds
deposited in the Collection Account during any preceding Collection Period (and not previously included in any amounts paid to the Servicer) that constitute Unrelated Amounts. Unrelated Amounts to be reimbursed will be paid to the Servicer on the
related Distribution Date pursuant to the Indenture upon certification by the Servicer of such amounts and the provision of such information to the Indenture Trustee. The Servicer may deduct from Available Collections all Unrelated Amounts to the
extent such Unrelated Amounts have not been previously reimbursed to the Servicer.
Distributions
All distributions of principal and interest, or, where applicable, of principal or interest only, on each class of Notes entitled thereto will
be made by the Indenture Trustee to the related Noteholders beginning on the initial Distribution Date. On each Determination Date, the Servicer will determine the amount in the Collection Account available to make distributions to Noteholders on
the following Distribution Date and will direct the Indenture Trustee to make such distributions.
Optional Purchase of
Receivables
In order to avoid excessive administrative expense, the Servicer will be permitted, at its option, to purchase all
remaining Receivables and any other property of the Trust other than the Trust Accounts on any Distribution Date if the Pool Balance as of the close of business on the last day of the related Collection Period was 10% or less of the Pool Balance as
of the Cutoff Date. The price to be paid by the Servicer in connection with the exercise of this option will equal the Purchase Amount of all Receivables, plus the appraised value of any property of the Trust, if necessary, other than the Collection
Account, Note Payment Account, Certificate Payment Account or Reserve Account; provided, however, that the Servicer will not be permitted to exercise such option unless the amount to be deposited in the Collection Account, plus Available Funds for
such Distribution Date, is at least equal to the sum of the Note Balance as of the purchase date, plus accrued but unpaid interest on each class or tranche of Notes at the related Interest Rate through the related Interest Period, plus all amounts
due to the Servicer in respect of its servicing compensation, outstanding and unreimbursed Simple Interest Advances, Unreimbursed Servicer Advances and unreimbursed Unrelated Amounts. The Servicer will notify the Owner Trustee, the Indenture
Trustee, the Seller and the Rating Agencies of the Servicer’s intent to exercise its Optional Purchase Right no later than 10 days prior to the related Distribution Date. Upon such a purchase, the purchase price will be used to redeem the
Notes.
Annual Compliance
The Servicer will provide a report regarding its assessment of its compliance with certain minimum servicing criteria specified in
Item 1122(d) of Regulation AB as of the end of the preceding Fiscal Year (or, in the case of the first report delivered by the Servicer, from the date on which such Servicer assumed the duties as Servicer under the Sale and Servicing Agreement)
and a separate certificate signed by an officer of such Servicer stating that, to such officer’s knowledge, such Servicer has fulfilled its obligations under the Sale and Servicing Agreement in all material respects throughout the preceding
Fiscal Year (or, in the case of the first certificate delivered by such Servicer, from the date on which such Servicer assumed the duties as Servicer under the Sale and Servicing Agreement) or, if there has been a default in the fulfillment of any
such obligation in any material respect, describing each default.
The Servicer will provide a separate annual report of a firm of
independent certified public accountants attesting to such Servicer’s assessment of its compliance with certain minimum servicing criteria described above during the preceding Fiscal Year (or, in the case of the first certificate delivered by
such Servicer, from the date on which such Servicer assumed the duties as Servicer under the Sale and Servicing Agreement).
Copies of
these reports and certificates may be obtained by Noteholders through the Indenture Trustee’s website at https://pivot.usbank.com.
114
Table of Contents
Certain Matters Regarding the Servicer
The Sale and Servicing Agreement will provide that the Servicer may not resign from its obligations and duties as Servicer thereunder except:
No resignation will become effective until the Indenture Trustee or a successor servicer has assumed the servicing
obligations and duties under the Sale and Servicing Agreement. The Servicer will also have the right to delegate any of its duties under those agreements to a third party without the consent of any Noteholder or the confirmation of any rating
assigned to the Notes. The Servicer will, however, remain responsible and liable for its duties under those agreements as if it had made no delegations.
The Sale and Servicing Agreement will provide that neither the Servicer nor any of its directors, officers, employees or agents will be under
any liability to the Trust or the Noteholders for taking any action or for refraining from taking any action thereunder or for errors in judgment; provided, however, that neither the Servicer nor any other person will be protected against any
liability that would otherwise be imposed by reason of willful misfeasance, bad faith or negligence (other than errors in judgment) in the performance of the Servicer’s duties thereunder or by reason of reckless disregard of its obligations
and duties thereunder.
The Sale and Servicing Agreement will provide that the Servicer is under no obligation to appear in, prosecute or
defend any legal action that is not incidental to its duties to service the Receivables and that, in its opinion, may cause it to incur any expense or liability. The Servicer may, however, undertake any reasonable action that it may deem necessary
or desirable in respect of the Sale and Servicing Agreement and the rights and duties of the parties thereto and the interests of the Noteholders thereunder. In that event, the legal expenses and costs of such action and any liability resulting
therefrom will be expenses, costs, and liabilities of the Servicer.
The Sale and Servicing Agreement will provide that the Servicer will
not be liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations or the taking of any action under the Sale and Servicing Agreement or under any other transaction document (and such failure or delay shall not constitute a breach of any
transaction document or an Event of Servicing Termination) if such failure or delay arises from compliance by the Servicer with any law or court order, the direction of a regulatory authority or regulatory guidance.
The Sale and Servicing Agreement will provide, under the circumstances specified therein, that any entity into which the Servicer may be
merged or consolidated, or any entity resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the Servicer is a party, or any entity succeeding to the business of the Servicer, which entity in each of the foregoing cases assumes the obligations of the
Servicer, will be the successor to the Servicer under the Sale and Servicing Agreement.
Events of Servicing Termination
The following events will constitute “Events of Servicing Termination” under the Sale and Servicing Agreement:
[TABLE:397]
115
Table of Contents
[TABLE:398]
[TABLE:399]
[TABLE:400]
Rights Upon Event of Servicing Termination
If an Event of Servicing Termination shall have occurred and be continuing, the Indenture Trustee or the holders of Notes evidencing
not less than 51% of the aggregate principal amount of the Controlling Class may terminate all of the rights and obligations of the Servicer under the Sale and Servicing Agreement. If the rights and obligations of the Servicer under the Sale and
Servicing Agreement have been terminated, the Indenture Trustee or a successor Servicer appointed by the Indenture Trustee will succeed to all of the responsibilities, duties and liabilities of the Servicer under the Sale and Servicing Agreement,
except as expressly set forth in the Sale and Servicing Agreement, and will be entitled to similar compensation arrangements. If, however, a bankruptcy trustee or similar official has been appointed for the Servicer, and no Event of Servicing
Termination other than that appointment has occurred and is continuing, that trustee or similar official may have the power to prevent a transfer of servicing. If the Indenture Trustee is unwilling or unable to act as successor Servicer, it may
appoint, or petition a court of competent jurisdiction to appoint, a successor Servicer with, among other requirements specified in the Sale and Servicing Agreement, a net worth of not less than $50,000,000 and whose regular business includes the
servicing of motor vehicle retail installment sale contracts or installment loans. The Indenture Trustee may arrange for compensation to be paid to the successor Servicer, which may not be greater than the servicing compensation paid to the Servicer
under the Sale and Servicing Agreement without the prior written consent of the holders of Notes evidencing not less than 51% of the aggregate principal amount of the Controlling Class. The predecessor Servicer will be obligated to pay the
reasonable costs and expenses associated with the transfer of servicing to the successor Servicer. Such amounts, if not paid by the predecessor Servicer, will be paid out of collections on the Receivables.
Waiver of Past Events of Servicing Termination
The holders of Notes evidencing not less than 51% of the aggregate principal amount of the Controlling Class may, on behalf of all Noteholders,
waive any Event of Servicing Termination and its consequences, except a default in making any required deposits to or payments from the Collection Account, the Note Payment Account, the Certificate Payment Account or the Reserve Account in
accordance with the Sale and Servicing Agreement. No
116
Table of Contents
waiver of a default by the Servicer in the performance of its obligations under the Sale and Servicing Agreement will impair the rights of the Noteholders with respect to any subsequent or other
Event of Servicing Termination.
Amendment
The Sale and Servicing Agreement may be amended from time to time by the the Depositor, the Servicer and the Trust, but without the consent of
the Noteholders or any other person; provided, however, that (i) no such amendment may, as evidenced by an opinion of counsel to the Servicer delivered to the Indenture Trustee, adversely affect in any material respect the interests of the
Noteholders or (ii) the Rating Agency Condition must be satisfied with respect to such amendment. The Sale and Servicing Agreement may also be amended from time to time by the parties thereto without the consent of any Noteholder for the
purpose of conforming the terms of the Sale and Servicing Agreement to the description thereof in this prospectus.
The Sale and Servicing
Agreement may also be amended from time to time by the Depositor, the Servicer and the Trust with the consent of the Indenture Trustee and the consent of the holders of Notes evidencing at least 66
2
⁄
3
% of the aggregate principal amount of the Controlling Class, for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, or of
modifying in any manner the rights of the Noteholders; provided, however, that no such amendment may:
Notwithstanding anything under this heading or in any other
transaction document to the contrary, to the extent permitted by the TIA, the Sale and Servicing Agreement may be amended by the Seller and the Servicer without the consent of the Indenture Trustee, the Issuing Entity, the Owner Trustee, any
Noteholder or any other person and without satisfying any other amendment provisions of the Sale and Servicing Agreement or any other transaction document solely in connection with any SOFR Adjustment Conforming Changes or, following the
determination of a Benchmark Replacement, any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes to be made by the Administrator; provided, that the Issuing Entity has delivered notice of such amendment to the Rating Agencies on or prior to the date such
amendment is executed; provided, further, that any such SOFR Adjustment Conforming Changes or any such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes shall not affect the Owner Trustee’s and Indenture Trustee’s rights, indemnities or
obligations without the Owner Trustee’s and Indenture Trustee’s consent, respectively. For the avoidance of doubt, any SOFR Adjustment Conforming Changes or any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes in any amendment to the Sale and
Servicing Agreement may be retroactive (including retroactive to the Benchmark Replacement Date) and the Sale and Servicing Agreement may be amended more than once in connection with any SOFR Adjustment Conforming Changes or any Benchmark
Replacement Conforming Changes.
Termination
The obligations of the Servicer, the Seller and the Owner Trustee under the Sale and Servicing Agreement will terminate upon the earlier of the
maturity or other liquidation of the last outstanding Receivable and the disposition of any amounts received upon liquidation of any remaining Receivables and the payment to the Noteholders of all amounts required to be paid to them under the
Indenture.
117
Table of Contents
In order to avoid excessive administrative expense, the Servicer will be permitted, at its
option, to purchase the property of the Trust other than the Trust Accounts on any Distribution Date if the Pool Balance as of the close of business on the last day of the related Collection Period was 10% or less of the Pool Balance as of the
Cutoff Date. The purchase price for the property of the Trust other than the Trust Accounts will equal the aggregate of the related Purchase Amounts plus the appraised value of any other property of the Trust other than the Trust Accounts; provided,
however, that the Servicer will not be permitted to exercise such option unless the amount to be deposited in the Collection Account, plus Available Funds for such Distribution Date, is at least equal to the sum of the Note Balance as of the
purchase date, plus accrued but unpaid interest on each class of Notes at the related Interest Rate through the related Interest Period, plus all amounts due to the Servicer under the Sale and Servicing Agreement and outstanding and unreimbursed
Simple Interest Advances, Unreimbursed Servicer Advances and unreimbursed Unrelated Amounts. Upon such a purchase, the purchase price will be used to redeem the Notes and any outstanding Notes will be paid in full concurrently with the purchase
specified above.
THE INDENTURE
General
The
Trust will issue several classes of Notes under the terms of an Indenture between the Trust and the Indenture Trustee. A form of the Indenture has been filed as an exhibit to the registration statement that includes this prospectus, but the form of
the Indenture does not describe the specific terms of the Notes. A copy of the final form of the Indenture will be filed with the SEC no later than the date of the filing of the final prospectus. This summary describes the material provisions of the
Indenture. This summary does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, all the provisions of the Notes and the Indenture.
Duties of the Indenture Trustee
Except upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, the Indenture Trustee:
If an Event
of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Indenture Trustee will be required to exercise the rights and powers vested in it by the Indenture and to use the same degree of care and skill in the exercise of those rights and powers as a
prudent person would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct of that person’s own affairs.
Compensation;
Indemnification
. The Administrator will pay to the Indenture Trustee from time to time reasonable compensation for its services, reimburse the Indenture Trustee for all expenses, advances and disbursements reasonably incurred or made by it,
including expenses associated with the appointment of a successor Indenture Trustee, and indemnify the Indenture Trustee for, and hold it harmless against, any and all losses, liabilities, costs or expenses, including reasonable attorneys’
fees and expenses, incurred by it in connection with the administration of the Trust and the performance of its duties under the Indenture including those incurred in connection with any action, claim or suit brought to enforce the Indenture
Trustee’s right to indemnification; provided, however, that the Administrator will not indemnify the Indenture Trustee for, or hold it harmless against, any loss, liability, cost or expense incurred by it through its own willful misconduct,
negligence or bad faith. The Indenture Trustee will not be liable:
118
Table of Contents
The Indenture Trustee will not be deemed to have knowledge of any Event of Default, breaches of representations and warranties by a
transaction party, or any other event unless a responsible officer of the Indenture Trustee has actual knowledge of the default, breach or other event or has received written notice of the default, breach or other event in accordance with the
Indenture. Other than as expressly provided in the Indenture, the Indenture Trustee will have no duty to take any action to determine whether any Event of Default or other event has occurred.
Events of Default
The following events
will constitute “Events of Default” under the Indenture:
[TABLE:414]
[TABLE:415]
The amount of principal due and payable on a class of Notes on any Distribution Date prior to the
related Final Scheduled Distribution Date generally will be limited to amounts available to pay principal. Therefore, the failure to pay principal on a class of Notes generally will not result in the occurrence of an Event of Default until the Final
Scheduled Distribution Date for that class of Notes.
Rights Upon Event of Default
If an Event of Default has occurred and the Notes have been declared due and payable (and such declaration has not been rescinded or annulled),
the Indenture Trustee will apply or cause to be applied the proceeds of that sale as Available Funds as described under “
Application of Available Funds—Priority of Distributions (Post-Acceleration
)
.”
119
Table of Contents
If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Indenture Trustee or the
holders of Notes evidencing not less than 51% of the aggregate principal amount of the Controlling Class may, upon prior written notice to the Administrator, declare the Notes immediately due and payable by written notice to the Trust (and to the
Indenture Trustee if given by the holder of Notes), CarMax Funding and the Servicer. Any declaration of acceleration by the Indenture Trustee or the holders of Notes may be rescinded by the holders of Notes evidencing not less than 51% of the
aggregate principal amount of the Controlling Class at any time before a judgment or decree for payment of the amount due has been obtained by the Indenture Trustee if the Trust has deposited with the Indenture Trustee an amount sufficient to pay
all principal of and interest on the Notes and all other amounts then due as if the Event of Default giving rise to the declaration of acceleration had not occurred and all Events of Default, other than the nonpayment of principal of the Notes that
has become due solely as a result of the acceleration, have been cured or waived.
If the Notes have been declared immediately due and
payable by the Indenture Trustee or the holders of Notes following an Event of Default, the Indenture Trustee may, and at the direction of the holders of Notes evidencing not less than 51% of the aggregate principal amount of the Controlling Class
shall, institute proceedings to collect amounts due, exercise remedies as a secured party, including foreclosure or sale of the property of the Trust, or elect to maintain the property of the Trust and continue to apply proceeds from the property of
the Trust as if there had been no declaration of acceleration. The Indenture Trustee may not, however, sell the property of the Trust following an Event of Default, other than a default for five or more Business Days in the payment of interest on
the Notes of the Controlling Class or a default in the payment of any required principal payment on the Notes, unless:
[TABLE:419]
The Indenture Trustee may, but need not, obtain and rely upon an opinion of an independent accountant or
investment banking firm as to the sufficiency of the property of the Trust to pay principal of and interest on the Notes on an ongoing basis. Any money received as a result of the sale of Trust property will be applied to pay any fees and expenses
due to the Indenture Trustee prior to any distribution to the Noteholders.
If the property of the Trust is sold following an Event of
Default and the proceeds of that sale are not sufficient to pay in full the principal amount of and all accrued but unpaid interest on the Notes, the Indenture Trustee will withdraw available amounts from the Reserve Account in respect of that
shortfall.
If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Indenture Trustee may be deemed to have a conflict of
interest under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 and a successor trustee may be appointed for one or more subordinated classes of Notes. If any amounts remain unpaid with respect to the then most senior class of Notes Outstanding, only the trustee for
that class of Notes will have the right to exercise remedies under the Indenture (but the other classes of Notes will be entitled to their respective shares of any proceeds of enforcement, subject to their subordination to each more senior class of
Notes as described herein), and only the Noteholders from the then most senior class of Notes Outstanding will have the right to direct or consent to any action to be taken, including sale of the Trust property, until that particular class of Notes
is paid in full. Upon repayment in full of the most senior class of Notes outstanding, all rights to exercise remedies under the Indenture will transfer to the trustee for the then most senior class of Notes Outstanding, and for so long as any
amounts remain unpaid with respect to that class of Notes, only the trustee for that class of Notes will have the right to exercise remedies under the Indenture.
120
Table of Contents
If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Indenture Trustee
generally will be under no obligation to exercise any of its rights or powers under the Indenture at the request or direction of any of the holders of the Notes if the Indenture Trustee reasonably believes that it will not be adequately indemnified
against the costs, expenses and liabilities which might be incurred by it in complying with that request or direction. The holders of Notes evidencing not less than 51% of the aggregate principal amount of the Controlling Class will have the right,
subject to certain limitations contained in the Indenture, to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding or any remedy available to the Indenture Trustee.
No holder of a Note will have the right to institute any proceeding with respect to the Indenture, unless:
[TABLE:421]
[TABLE:423]
[TABLE:424]
If the
Indenture Trustee receives conflicting or inconsistent requests and indemnity from two or more groups of Noteholders, each holding Notes evidencing less than 51% of the aggregate principal amount of the Controlling Class, the Indenture Trustee will
take action in accordance with the direction of the greatest amount of the holders of Notes (measured by principal amounts).
The
Indenture Trustee shall have the right to decline to follow any investor direction if the Indenture Trustee determines that the action or proceeding as directed may not lawfully be taken or conflicts with the Indenture or other transaction document
or if the Indenture Trustee in good faith determines that the action or proceeding so directed would involve it in personal liability or be unjustly prejudicial to the non-directing holders.
The Indenture Trustee shall not have any obligation to investigate any matter or to exercise any powers vested in the Indenture Trustee by the
Indenture unless requested by 25% or more of the holders of the Notes, and such holders have assured to the Indenture Trustee indemnity satisfactory to it.
The Indenture Trustee and the holders of Notes, by accepting the Notes, will covenant that they will not at any time institute against the
Trust or the Seller any bankruptcy, reorganization or other proceeding under any federal or state bankruptcy or similar law.
Neither the
Indenture Trustee nor the Owner Trustee in its individual capacity, nor any holder of a Certificate, if any, representing an ownership interest in the Trust nor any of their respective owners, beneficiaries, agents, officers, directors, employees,
affiliates, successors or assigns will be personally liable for the payment of the principal of or interest on the Notes or for the agreements of the Trust contained in the Indenture.
The right of any Noteholder to receive payments of principal and interest on its Notes when due, or to institute suit for any payments not
made when due, shall not be impaired without the Noteholder’s consent.
121
Table of Contents
Waiver of Past Defaults
Prior to acceleration of the maturity of the Notes, the holders of Notes evidencing not less than 51% of the aggregate principal amount of the
Controlling Class may waive any past default or Event of Default, other than a default in payment of principal of or interest on the Notes or in respect of any covenant or other provision in the Indenture that cannot be amended, supplemented or
modified without the unanimous consent of the Noteholders. No such waiver will impair the rights of holders of Notes with respect to any subsequent default or Event of Default.
Covenants
The
Trust will be subject to the covenants described below, as provided in the Indenture.
Restrictions on Merger and Consolidation
.
The Trust may not consolidate with or merge into any other entity, unless:
Other Negative Covenants
. The Trust will
not, among other things:
122
Table of Contents
List of Noteholders and Noteholder
Communication
Any three or more holders of the Notes may, by written request to the Indenture Trustee accompanied by a copy of the
communication that the requesting Noteholders propose to send, obtain access to the list of all Noteholders maintained by the Indenture Trustee for the purpose of communicating with other Noteholders with respect to their rights under the Indenture
or under such Notes. The Indenture Trustee may elect not to afford the requesting Noteholders access to the list of Noteholders if it agrees to mail the desired communication or proxy, on behalf of and at the expense of the requesting Noteholders,
to all Noteholders.
The Sale and Servicing Agreement will provide that any beneficial owner of Notes may require that the Servicer cause
the Trust to include in its Form 10-D filing a request to communicate with other beneficial owners of Notes related to a possible exercising of the Noteholders’ rights under the transaction documents. See “
Monthly Investor
Reports—Investor Communication
” in this prospectus.
Annual Compliance Statement
The Trust will be required to deliver annually to the Indenture Trustee a written statement as to the fulfillment, in all material respects, of
its obligations under the Indenture.
Indenture Trustee’s Annual Report
If required by the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, the Indenture Trustee for the Trust will be required to mail each year to all Noteholders a
brief report relating to its eligibility and qualification to continue as Indenture Trustee under the Indenture, any amounts advanced by it under the Indenture, the amount, interest rate and maturity date of certain indebtedness owing by the Trust
to the Indenture Trustee in its individual capacity, the property and funds physically held by the Indenture Trustee as such and any action taken by the Indenture Trustee that materially affects the Notes and that has not been previously reported.
Replacement of Indenture Trustee
The Indenture Trustee may resign at any time by providing the Trust, the Administrator, the Seller and the Noteholders with at least
60 days’ advance written notice (or such shorter period as agreed upon by the parties to the Indenture). Additionally, if an Event of Default occurs under the Indenture, the Indenture Trustee may be deemed to have a conflict of interest
under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 and may be required to resign as trustee for one or more subordinated classes. In any such case, the Indenture will provide for the appointment of a successor Indenture Trustee for such classes.
The holders of Notes evidencing not less than 51% of the aggregate principal amount of the Controlling Class may remove the Indenture Trustee
without cause and, following that removal, may appoint a successor Indenture Trustee. The Trust will be required to remove the Indenture Trustee if:
123
Table of Contents
Upon the resignation or removal of the Indenture Trustee, or the failure of the Noteholders to appoint a successor Indenture Trustee following
the removal of the Indenture Trustee without cause, the Administrator will be required promptly to appoint a successor Indenture Trustee under the Indenture. Any resignation or removal of the Indenture Trustee and appointment of a successor
Indenture Trustee will not become effective until acceptance of such appointment by the successor Indenture Trustee.
Any successor
Indenture Trustee must at all times satisfy the requirements of Section 310(a) of the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, and must have a combined capital and surplus of at least $50,000,000 and a long-term debt rating acceptable to each
Rating Agency.
Modification of Indenture
The Indenture may be amended from time to time by the Trust and the Indenture Trustee, but without the consent of the Noteholders or any other
person; provided, however, that (i) no such amendment may, as evidenced by an opinion of counsel to the Trust delivered to the Indenture Trustee, adversely affect in any material respect the interests of the Noteholders or (ii) the Rating
Agency Condition must be satisfied with respect to such amendment. The Indenture may also be amended from time to time by the Trust and the Indenture Trustee, without the consent of any Noteholder or any other person, for the purpose of conforming
the terms of the Indenture to the description thereof in this prospectus.
The Trust and the Indenture Trustee may, with the consent of
the holders of Notes evidencing not less than 51% of the aggregate principal amount of the Controlling Class and with prior written notice to each Rating Agency and the Administrator, enter into one or more supplemental indentures for the purpose of
adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of the Indenture or modifying in any manner the rights of the Noteholders under the Indenture; provided, however, that no such supplemental indenture may
(1) materially adversely affect the interests of any Noteholder without the consent of such Noteholder, or (2) without the consent of all Noteholders affected by such supplemental indenture:
124
Table of Contents
No supplemental indenture will be effective without the prior written consent of the Owner Trustee or the
Asset Representations Reviewer, respectively, if the supplemental indenture would adversely modify the amount or timing of distributions to be made to the Owner Trustee or the Asset Representations Reviewer, as applicable, under the Indenture.
Notwithstanding anything under this heading or in any other transaction document to the contrary, to the extent permitted by the TIA, the
Indenture may be amended by the Issuing Entity without the consent of the Indenture Trustee, the calculation agent, the Owner Trustee, any Noteholder or any other person and without satisfying any other amendment provisions of the Indenture or in
any other transaction document solely in connection with any SOFR Adjustment Conforming Changes or, following the determination of a Benchmark Replacement, any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes to be made by the Administrator; provided, that
the Issuing Entity has delivered notice of such amendment to the Rating Agencies on or prior to the date such amendment is executed; provided, further, that any such SOFR Adjustment Conforming Changes or any such Benchmark Replacement Conforming
Changes shall not affect the Owner Trustee’s or Indenture Trustee’s rights, indemnities or obligations without the Owner Trustee’s or Indenture Trustee’s consent, respectively. For the avoidance of doubt, any SOFR Adjustment
Conforming Changes or any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes in any amendment to the Indenture may be retroactive (including retroactive to the Benchmark Replacement Date) and the Indenture may be amended more than once in connection with any
SOFR Adjustment Conforming Changes or any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes.
Satisfaction and Discharge of Indenture
The Indenture will be discharged with respect to the collateral securing the Notes:
THE ASSET REPRESENTATIONS REVIEW AGREEMENT
The Trust will enter into the Asset Representations Review Agreement with the Asset Representations Reviewer. A form of the Asset
Representations Review Agreement has been filed as an exhibit to the registration statement that includes this prospectus, but the form of the Asset Representations Review Agreement does not
125
Table of Contents
describe the specific terms of the transactions related to the Notes. A copy of the final form of the Asset Representations Review Agreement will be filed with the SEC no later than the date of
the filing of the final prospectus. This summary describes the material provisions of the Asset Representations Review Agreement. This summary does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, all
the provisions of the Asset Representations Review Agreement.
General
The Asset Representations Reviewer will conduct a review of Delinquent Receivables that are 60 days or more delinquent for their compliance
with asset level representations and warranties provided by CarMax Business Services and the Seller upon the satisfaction of each of the following conditions:
[TABLE:458]
[TABLE:459]
[TABLE:460]
For more information regarding
the Asset Representations Reviewer, see “
The Transaction Parties—The Asset Representations Reviewer
” in this prospectus.
Delinquency Trigger
The first condition to a review will be satisfied if the aggregate Principal Balance of all Delinquent
Receivables that are 61 days or more delinquent as determined in accordance with the Servicer’s customary practices, divided by the aggregate Pool Balance (in each case, measured as of the end of the related Collection Period) meets or exceeds
the Delinquency Trigger. If the Delinquency Trigger is met or exceeded, it will be reported on the Servicer’s monthly report for that month and reported in the Form 10-D for that month.
“
Delinquent Receivable
” means, as of any date of determination, a Receivable that is past due as of such date (or, if such
date is not the last day of a Collection Period, as of the last day of the Collection Period immediately preceding such date), as determined in accordance with the Servicer’s customary practices. A Receivable that has been repurchased by the
Seller or charged off by the Servicer is not considered a Delinquent Receivable and therefore is not included in the Delinquency Trigger calculation.
The Delinquency Trigger was calculated as a multiple of 3.5 times the previous historical peak greater than 60-day delinquency rate of
receivables from CarMax Business Services’ core portfolio of motor vehicle retail installment sale contracts with FICO
®
scores at origination greater than or equal to 650 in ABS pools
since 2005.
CarMax Business Services believes that the Delinquency Trigger is appropriate based on an analysis of the historical 61 days
or more delinquency rate over the life of the prior securitization transactions involving motor vehicle retail installment sale contracts with the characteristics described above sponsored by CarMax Business Services. The amount of the Delinquency
Trigger has been set at a level in excess of the historical peak greater than 60-day delinquency rate to assure that the Delinquency Trigger is not breached due to ordinary fluctuations in the economy.
For more information regarding Delinquent Receivables that are 61 day or more delinquent for CarMax Business Services’ prior securitized
pools, see
Annex I—Static Pool Information
of this prospectus.
126
Table of Contents
Voting
Within 90 days of publication that the Delinquency Trigger has been met or exceeded in the monthly report to Noteholders and beneficial owners
of Notes on Form 10-D, the Noteholders may determine whether a review of Delinquent Receivables that are 60 days or more delinquent should be initiated by the Asset Representations Reviewer. Noteholders and beneficial owners of Notes may exercise
this right by contacting the Indenture Trustee. For the purpose of the vote, Notes held by the sponsor or Servicer, or any affiliates thereof, are not included in the calculation of determining whether the Noteholders and beneficial owners of Notes
have elected to initiate a vote.
If the requesting person is the record holder of any Notes, no verification procedures will be required.
If the requesting person is not the record holder of any Notes and is instead a beneficial owner of Notes, the Indenture Trustee shall require verification in the form of (1) a written certification from the Noteholder that it is a beneficial
owner of a specified outstanding principal amount of the Notes and (2) an additional form of documentation, such as a trade confirmation, an account statement, a letter from the broker or dealer or other similar document. If less than 5% of the
Noteholders by outstanding principal amount of the Notes demand that a review be initiated within 90 days of publication of the Delinquency Trigger being met, no additional vote will be required and no asset representations review will be conducted.
If at least 5% of the Noteholders and beneficial owners of Notes by outstanding principal amount of the Notes demand that a vote be
conducted, the Indenture Trustee will initiate a vote of all the Noteholders by posting a notice through DTC and the Trust will disclose on the Form 10-D related to the Collection Period in which the Noteholders and beneficial owners of Notes demand
that a vote be conducted the voting procedures that the Indenture Trustee will use and how to cast a vote. The Indenture Trustee will allow Noteholders to vote for 150 days after publication that the Delinquency Trigger has been met or exceeded in
the monthly report to Noteholders on Form 10-D. If at the end of such 150 day period, at least a majority of the Noteholders by outstanding principal amount of the Notes who have voted choose to approve initiating the asset representations review
and at least 5% of the Noteholders by outstanding principal amount of the Notes cast a vote, the Asset Representations Reviewer will be notified to conduct a review as set forth below. If the requirements of the voting trigger are not met within
these time periods, no asset representations review will occur for that occurrence of the Delinquency Trigger.
The Asset
Representations Review
Upon the approval of the Noteholders as set forth above under “—
Voting
,” the Trust
will instruct the Servicer to provide the Asset Representations Reviewer with access to copies of documents necessary to perform its review within 60 days of the conclusion of the vote approving the review. The Asset Representations Reviewer will
then conduct its review of all Delinquent Receivables that are 60 days or more delinquent as of the end of the most recent Collection Period. Upon receiving access to the review materials, the Asset Representations Reviewer will start its review of
such Receivables and complete its review within 60 days after receiving access to all review materials. The review period may be extended by up to an additional 30 days if the Asset Representations Reviewer detects missing review materials that are
subsequently provided or receives additional review materials.
The review will consist of performing specific tests for each applicable
representation and each reviewed Delinquent Receivable and determining whether each test was passed or failed. If a Receivable is paid off, satisfied or repurchased due to a breach of a covenant, representation or warranty, the Asset Representations
Reviewer will not review that Receivable.
The tests were designed by CarMax Business Services to determine whether a reviewed Receivable
was not in compliance with the representations made about it in the transaction documents at the relevant time, which is usually at origination of the Receivable or as of the Cutoff Date or Closing Date. There may be multiple tests for each
representation. The Asset Representations Reviewer will not determine whether any noncompliance with the representations and warranties resulted in breaches of the representations and warranties or whether CarMax Business Services or the Seller
would be required to repurchase any Receivables. Additionally, the Asset Representations Reviewer will not determine the reason for the delinquency of any Receivable, the creditworthiness of any obligor, the overall quality of any Receivable or the
compliance of the Servicer with its covenants with respect to the servicing of the Receivables. The review is not designed to establish cause, materiality or recourse for any failed test. The review is not designed to determine whether CarMax
Business Services’ origination, underwriting and purchasing policies and procedures are adequate, reasonable or prudent.
127
Table of Contents
Within five Business Days after completion of the review, the Asset Representations Reviewer
will provide the Indenture Trustee, CarMax Business Services, the Trust, the Seller, the Administrator and the Servicer with a report of the test results for each reviewed Receivable and each representation, including whether each test for each
reviewed Receivable passed or failed. A summary of the Asset Representations Reviewer’s report, including a description of each test that failed, will be included in the Form 10-D for the Collection Period in which such report was provided.
CarMax Business Services and the Seller will evaluate the Asset Representations Reviewer’s report and any repurchase request
received from the Indenture Trustee, any other party to the transaction documents or any Noteholder or beneficial owner of Notes in order to determine whether a repurchase of a Receivable is required. After reviewing the report, CarMax Business
Services and the Seller will determine if there were breaches of the representations and warranties, and CarMax Business Services and the Seller will then decide whether to repurchase the Receivable. None of the Indenture Trustee, the Owner Trustee,
the Asset Representations Reviewer or the Servicer is otherwise obligated to investigate the accuracy of the representations and warranties with respect to the Receivables subject to the asset representations review. The transaction documents
require that any breach of the representations and warranties must materially and adversely affect the interest of the Trust or the Noteholders in the Receivable before CarMax Business Services or the Seller would be required to repurchase such
Receivable. Any Noteholder or beneficial owner of Notes, however, will be entitled to make a repurchase request regarding a breach of the representations and warranties related to a Receivable to the Indenture Trustee. CarMax Business Services or
the Seller will report any repurchase request received from a Noteholder, a beneficial owner of Notes, the Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee, and the disposition of the request, on a Form ABS-15G that will be filed with the SEC. For more
information regarding the exercise of rights by the Indenture Trustee, see “
The Indenture
” in this prospectus.
The
Asset Representations Reviewer will be paid an annual fee equal to $5,000 and, should a review be initiated, the review fee will be up to $200 per Receivable reviewed. The fees, expenses and amounts owing for indemnification of the Asset
Representations Reviewer will be payable by the Servicer and, if the Servicer is unable or unwilling to pay such amounts and such amounts remain unpaid after 30 days, such amounts will be paid from Available Funds as described under
“
Application of Available Funds—Priority of Distributions (Pre-Acceleration)
” and “
—Priority of Distributions (Post-Acceleration)
”. Any Receivables review performed by the Asset Representations
Reviewer after a Delinquency Trigger is met or exceeded and the Noteholders vote to perform the review will be paid by the Trust from Available Funds.
The Trust will, or will cause the Servicer to, indemnify the Asset Representations Reviewer and its officers, directors, employees and agents,
for all costs, expenses, losses, damages and liabilities resulting from the performance of its obligations under the Asset Representations Review Agreement (including the reasonable out-of-pocket fees and expenses of defending itself against any
loss, damage or liability), but excluding any cost, expense, loss, damage or liability resulting from (i) the Asset Representations Reviewer’s willful misconduct, bad faith or negligence, (ii) the Asset Representations
Reviewer’s breach of any of its representations or warranties in this Agreement or (iii) the Asset Representations Reviewer’s breach of any of its obligations in connection with confidential information of the Trust or the Servicer
and personally identifiable information of the obligors on the Receivables.
The Asset Representations Reviewer will not be liable to any
person for any action taken, or not taken, in good faith under the Asset Representations Review Agreement or for errors in judgment. However, the Asset Representations Reviewer will be liable for its willful misconduct, bad faith or negligence in
performing its obligations under the Asset Representations Review Agreement. In no event will the Asset Representations Reviewer be liable for special, indirect or consequential losses or damages (including lost profit), even if the Asset
Representations Reviewer has been advised of the likelihood of the loss or damage and regardless of the form of action.
Resignation and Removal
The Asset Representations Reviewer may not resign unless it becomes legally unable to act. The Trust may also remove the Asset Representations
Reviewer if the Asset Representations Reviewer ceases to be eligible to continue as an Asset Representations Reviewer or if the Asset Representations Reviewer becomes subject to an
128
Table of Contents
insolvency event or breaches any of its representations, warranties, agreements or covenants contained in the Asset Representations Review Agreement. In those circumstances, the Trust will be
obligated to appoint a successor Asset Representations Reviewer. Any resignation or removal of an Asset Representations Reviewer and appointment of a successor Asset Representations Reviewer will not become effective until acceptance of the
appointment by the successor Asset Representations Reviewer. As described under “
Monthly Investor Reports—Contents of Monthly Investor Reports
”, each Form 10-D will contain a description of the date and circumstances
surrounding any resignation, removal, replacement or subsitution of the Asset Representations Reviewer that occurred during the related collection period. Costs associated with the termination of the Asset Representations Reviewer and the
appointment of a successor will be borne by the outgoing Asset Representations Reviewer.
THE ADMINISTRATION
AGREEMENT
CarMax Business Services will enter into the Administration Agreement with the Trust and the Indenture Trustee under which
it will agree, to the extent provided in the Administration Agreement, to provide the notices and to perform other obligations of the Trust (other than its payment obligations) required by the Indenture, Asset Representations Review Agreement, Sale
and Servicing Agreement and Trust Agreement, including the determination of a Benchmark Transition Event, Benchmark, its related Benchmark Replacement Date and any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes or SOFR Adjustment Conforming Changes
pursuant to the Indenture. The Administrator will be entitled to a monthly administration fee as compensation for the performance of its obligations under the Administration Agreement and as reimbursement for its expenses related thereto, which fee
will be paid by the Servicer. The obligations of CarMax Business Services under the Administration Agreement will terminate upon dissolution of the Trust. A form of the Administration Agreement has been filed as an exhibit to the registration
statement that includes this prospectus, but the form of the Administration Agreement does not describe the specific terms of the transactions related to the Notes. A copy of the final form of the Administration Agreement will be filed with the SEC
no later than the date of the filing of the final prospectus.
MATERIAL LEGAL ISSUES RELATING TO THE
RECEIVABLES
Security Interests in the Receivables
The Receivables are “chattel paper” (as defined under the UCC) either evidenced by a tangible copy or an electronic copy. Under the
UCC, for most purposes, a sale of chattel paper is treated in a manner similar to a transaction creating a security interest in chattel paper. CarMax Business Services and the Seller is obligated to cause financing statements to be filed with the
appropriate governmental authorities to perfect the interest of the Seller and the Trust in the Receivables. The Servicer will hold (or, in the case of electronic retail installment sale contracts, maintain) the Receivables either directly or
through subservicers, as custodian for the Indenture Trustee and the Trust. The Servicer will also agree to not communicate the “authoritative copy” (as such term is used in the UCC) of any electronic retail installment sale contract
that constitutes chattel paper to any person other than the depositor, the Trust and the Indenture Trustee. This is intended to preclude any other party from claiming a competing security interest in the Receivables that constitute chattel paper on
the basis that their security interest is perfected by “control” (within the meaning of Section 9-105 of the UCC). The Seller will take all action that is required to perfect the rights of the Indenture Trustee and the Trust in the
Receivables. However, the Receivables will not be stamped, or otherwise marked, to indicate that they have been sold to the Trust. If, through inadvertence or otherwise, another party purchases or takes a security interest in the Receivables for new
value in the ordinary course of business and takes possession (or, with respect to electronic retail installment sale contracts, “control” (within the meaning of the UCC)) of the Receivables without actual knowledge of the Trust’s
interest, such other purchaser or secured party will acquire an interest in the Receivables superior to the interest of the Trust. The Seller and the Servicer will be obligated to take those actions which are necessary to protect and perfect the
Trust’s interest in the Receivables and their proceeds.
Security Interests in the Financed Vehicles
The Receivables evidence the credit sale of motor vehicles by an affiliate of CarMax Business Services to obligors. The Receivables also
constitute personal property security agreements and include grants of security interests in the related Financed Vehicles under the UCC. Perfection of security interests in motor vehicles is generally governed by state certificate of title statutes
or by the motor vehicle registration laws of the state in which
129
Table of Contents
each vehicle is located. In most states, a security interest in a motor vehicle is perfected by notation of the secured party’s lien on the vehicle’s certificate of title.
CarMax Business Services will be obligated to have taken all actions necessary under the laws of the state in which a Financed Vehicle is
located to perfect the security interest in the Financed Vehicle, including, where applicable, by having a notation of the lien recorded on the Financed Vehicle’s certificate of title or, if appropriate, by perfecting the security interest in
the Financed Vehicle under the UCC. Because the Servicer will continue to service the Receivables, the obligors on the Receivables will not be notified of the sales from CarMax Business Services to the Seller or from the Seller to the Trust, and no
action will be taken to record the transfer of the security interest from CarMax Business Services to the Seller or from the Seller to the Trust by amendment of the certificates of title for the Financed Vehicles or otherwise.
The Receivables Purchase Agreement will provide that CarMax Business Services will assign to the Seller its interests in the Financed Vehicles
securing the related Receivables. The Sale and Servicing Agreement will provide that the Seller will assign its interests in the Financed Vehicles securing the related Receivables to the Trust. However, because of the administrative burden and
expense, none of CarMax Business Services, the Seller, the Servicer or the Indenture Trustee will amend any certificate of title to identify either the Seller, the Trust, or the Indenture Trustee as the new secured party on the certificate of title
relating to a Financed Vehicle nor will any entity execute and file any transfer instrument. In addition, the Servicer or the custodian will continue to hold any certificates of title relating to the Financed Vehicles in its possession as custodian
for the Indenture Trustee in accordance with the Sale and Servicing Agreement.
In most states, the assignments under the Receivables
Purchase Agreement and the Sale and Servicing Agreement will be effective to convey the security interest of CarMax Business Services in a Financed Vehicle without amendment of any lien noted on a vehicle’s certificate of title or
re-registration of the vehicle, and the Trust will succeed to CarMax Business Services’ rights as secured party upon the transfer from the Seller. However, in those states in which re-registration of a Financed Vehicle is not necessary to
convey a perfected security interest in the Financed Vehicle to the Trust, the Trust’s security interest could be defeated through fraud or negligence because the Trust will not be listed as legal owner on the related certificate of title.
Moreover, in other states, in the absence of an amendment and re-registration, a perfected security interest in the Financed Vehicles may not have been effectively conveyed to the Trust. In most of those other states, however, in the absence of
fraud, forgery or administrative error by state recording officials, the notation of CarMax Business Services or its affiliate as lienholder on the certificate of title will be sufficient to protect the Trust against the rights of subsequent
purchasers of a Financed Vehicle or subsequent creditors who take a security interest in a Financed Vehicle. UCC financing statements with respect to the transfer of CarMax Business Services’ security interest in the Financed Vehicles to the
Seller and with respect to the transfer of the Seller’s security interest in the Financed Vehicles to the Trust will be filed.
If
CarMax Business Services failed to obtain a first priority perfected security interest in a Financed Vehicle, its security interest and, therefore, that of the Trust would be subordinate to, among others, subsequent purchasers of that Financed
Vehicle or subsequent creditors who take a perfected security interest in that Financed Vehicle. CarMax Business Services will represent and warrant to the Seller in the Receivables Purchase Agreement, and the Seller will represent and warrant to
the Trust in the Sale and Servicing Agreement, that all action necessary for CarMax Business Services to obtain a perfected security interest in each Financed Vehicle has been taken. If this representation and warranty is breached and not cured with
respect to a Financed Vehicle, CarMax Business Services will be required to repurchase the related Receivable from the Seller and the Seller will be required to repurchase the related Receivable from the Trust to the extent described under
“
The Receivables Purchase Agreement—Repurchase of Receivables
” and “
The Sale and Servicing Agreement-Repurchase of Receivables
” in this prospectus.
In most states, a perfected security interest in a vehicle continues for four months after the vehicle is moved to a new state from the one in
which it is initially registered and thereafter until the owner re-registers the vehicle in the new state. A majority of states require surrender of the related certificate of title to re-register a vehicle. In those states that require a secured
party to hold possession of the certificate of title to maintain perfection of the security interest, the secured party would learn of the re-registration through the request from the obligor under the related installment sale contract to surrender
possession of the certificate of title. In the case of vehicles registered in states providing for the notation of a lien on the certificate of title but not possession by the secured party, the secured
130
Table of Contents
party would receive notice of surrender from the state of re-registration if the security interest is noted on the certificate of title. Thus, the secured party would have the opportunity to
maintain perfection of its security interest in the vehicles in the state of relocation. However, these procedural safeguards will not protect the secured party if, through fraud, forgery or administrative error, the obligor procures a new
certificate of title that does not list the secured party’s lien. Additionally, in states that do not require a certificate of title for registration of a vehicle, re-registration could defeat perfection. In the ordinary course of servicing
the Receivables, the Servicer will take the necessary steps to maintain perfection of its security interest upon receipt of notice of re-registration. Similarly, when an obligor sells a Financed Vehicle, the Servicer must surrender possession of the
certificate of title or will receive notice as a result of its lien and accordingly will have an opportunity to require satisfaction of the related Receivable before release of the lien. Under the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Servicer will be
obligated to take appropriate steps, at its own expense, to maintain perfection of the security interests in the Financed Vehicles.
Release of security interests in the vehicles is generally governed by the motor vehicle registration laws of the state in which the vehicle
is located. Failure to comply with these detailed requirements could result in liability to the Trust or the release of the lien on the vehicle or other adverse consequences. Some states permit the release of a lien on a vehicle upon the
presentation by the dealer, obligor or persons other than the servicer to the applicable state registrar of liens of various forms of evidence that the debt secured by the lien has been paid in full. For example, the State of New York passed
legislation allowing a dealer of used motor vehicles to have the lien of a prior lienholder in a motor vehicle released, and to have a new certificate of title with respect to that motor vehicle reissued without the notation of the prior
lienholder’s lien, upon submission to the Commissioner of the New York Department of Motor Vehicles of evidence that the prior lien has been satisfied. It is possible that, as a result of fraud, forgery, negligence or error, a lien on a
Financed Vehicle could be released without prior payment in full of the Receivable.
In most states, liens for repairs performed on a
motor vehicle and liens for unpaid taxes take priority over a perfected security interest in the vehicle. The Internal Revenue Code also grants priority to certain federal tax liens over a perfected security interest in a motor vehicle. The laws of
certain states and federal law permit the confiscation of motor vehicles by governmental authorities under certain circumstances if used in unlawful activities, which may result in the loss of a secured party’s perfected security interest in a
confiscated vehicle. CarMax Business Services will represent and warrant to the Seller in the Receivables Purchase Agreement, and the Seller will represent and warrant to the Trust in the Sale and Servicing Agreement, that, as of the Closing Date,
it has no knowledge of any liens or claims that have been filed, including liens for work, labor, materials or unpaid taxes, relating to a Financed Vehicle that are prior to, or equal or coordinate with, the security interest in such Financed
Vehicle created by the related Receivable. If this representation and warranty is breached and not cured with respect to a Financed Vehicle, CarMax Business Services will be required to repurchase the related Receivable from the Seller and the
Seller will be required to repurchase the related Receivable from the Trust to the extent described under “
The Receivables Purchase Agreement—Repurchase of Receivables
” and “
The Sale and Servicing
Agreement—Repurchase of Receivables
” in this prospectus. However, a prior or equal lien for repairs or taxes could arise at any time during the term of a Receivable. No notice will be given to the trustees or the Noteholders in the
event such a lien arises, and any prior or equal lien arising after the Closing Date would not give rise to a repurchase obligation.
Enforcement of Security Interests in Financed Vehicles
The Servicer, on behalf of the Trust, may take action to enforce a security
interest in a Financed Vehicle securing the related Receivable by repossession and resale of the Financed Vehicle. The actual repossession may be contracted out to third party contractors. Under the UCC and laws applicable in most states, a creditor
can repossess a motor vehicle securing a retail installment sale contract by voluntary surrender, “self-help” repossession that is “peaceful” or, in the absence of voluntary surrender and the ability to repossess without
breach of the peace, by judicial process. In the event of a default by the obligor, some jurisdictions require that the obligor be notified of the default and be given a time period within which to cure the default prior to repossession. Generally,
this right of cure may only be exercised on a limited number of occasions during the term of the related contract. In addition, the UCC and other state laws require the secured party to provide the obligor with reasonable notice of the date, time
and place of any public sale and/or the date after which any private sale of the collateral may be held. The obligor has the right to redeem the collateral prior to actual sale by paying the secured party the unpaid principal balance of the
obligation, accrued finance charges plus reasonable expenses for repossessing, holding and preparing the
131
Table of Contents
collateral for disposition and arranging for its sale, plus, in some jurisdictions, reasonable attorneys’ fees or, in some states, by payment of delinquent installments or the unpaid
balance.
The proceeds of resale of the repossessed vehicles generally will be applied first to the satisfaction of the indebtedness and
then to the expenses of resale and repossession. While some states impose prohibitions or limitations on deficiency judgments if the net proceeds from resale do not cover the full amount of the indebtedness, a deficiency judgment can be sought in
those states that do not prohibit or limit those judgments. In addition to the notice requirement, the UCC requires that every aspect of the sale or other disposition, including the method, manner, time, place and terms, be “commercially
reasonable.” Generally, courts have held that when a sale is not “commercially reasonable,” the secured party loses its right to a deficiency judgment. In addition, the UCC permits the debtor or other interested party to recover
for any loss caused by noncompliance with the provisions of the UCC. Also, prior to a sale, the UCC permits the debtor or other interested person to prohibit the secured party from disposing of the collateral if it is established that the secured
party is not proceeding in accordance with the “default” provisions under the UCC. However, the deficiency judgment would be a personal judgment against the obligor for the shortfall, and a defaulting obligor can be expected to have very
little capital or sources of income available following repossession. Therefore, in many cases, it may not be useful to seek a deficiency judgment or, if one is obtained, it may be settled at a significant discount or be uncollectible.
Occasionally, after resale of a repossessed vehicle and payment of all expenses and indebtedness, there is a surplus of funds. In that case,
the UCC requires the creditor to remit the surplus to any holder of a subordinate lien with respect to the vehicle or, if no lienholder exists, the UCC requires the creditor to remit the surplus to the obligor.
Certain Bankruptcy Considerations
CarMax Business Services and the Seller have taken steps in structuring the transactions contemplated by this prospectus to reduce the risk
that a bankruptcy filing with respect to CarMax Business Services would adversely affect the Notes or that the Seller would become a debtor in a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy case. However, there can be no assurance that payments on the Notes
will not be delayed or reduced as a result of a bankruptcy proceeding.
CarMax Business Services and the Seller each intend that the
transfer of Receivables from CarMax Business Services to the Seller be treated as a sale. However, if CarMax Business Services were to become a debtor in a bankruptcy case, a court could take the position that a transfer should be treated as a
pledge of the Receivables to secure indebtedness of CarMax Business Services rather than a sale. If a court were to reach such a conclusion, or if an attempt were made to litigate the issue, delays or reductions in payments on the Notes could occur.
In addition, if a transfer of Receivables from CarMax Business Services to the Seller is treated as a pledge rather than a sale, a tax or government lien on the property of CarMax Business Services arising before the transfer of a Receivable to the
Seller may have priority over the Seller’s interest in that Receivable and, if CarMax Business Services is the Servicer, a court may conclude that the Trust does not have a perfected interest in cash collections on the Receivables commingled
with general funds of CarMax Business Services. The Seller will receive a reasoned opinion of counsel on the Closing Date that, subject to various assumptions and qualifications, the transfer of Receivables from CarMax Business Services to the
Seller should properly constitute a sale for bankruptcy purposes. However, there can be no assurance that a court would not conclude that the transfer of Receivables should be treated as a pledge.
If CarMax Business Services were to become a debtor in a bankruptcy case, a court could take the position that the assets and liabilities of
the Seller should be substantively consolidated with the assets and liabilities of CarMax Business Services, in which case the Receivables would be included in the estate of CarMax Business Services even if the transfer of the Receivables from
CarMax Business Services to the Seller were treated as a sale. The Seller and CarMax Business Services have taken steps in structuring the transactions contemplated by this prospectus to reduce the risk of substantive consolidation. The limited
liability company agreement of the Seller contains provisions restricting the activities of the Seller and requiring the Seller to follow specific operating procedures designed to support its treatment as an entity separate from CarMax Business
Services. In addition, the Seller will receive a reasoned opinion of counsel on the Closing Date that, subject to various assumptions and qualifications, in the event of a bankruptcy filing with respect to CarMax Business Services, the assets and
liabilities of the Seller should not properly be substantively consolidated with the assets and liabilities of CarMax Business
132
Table of Contents
Services. However, there can be no assurance that a court would not conclude that the assets and liabilities of the Seller should be consolidated with the assets and liabilities of CarMax
Business Services. If a court were to reach such a conclusion, or if an attempt were made to litigate the issue, delays or reductions in payments on the Notes could occur.
The Dodd-Frank Act
Orderly Liquidation Authority
. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act established OLA, under which the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation is authorized to act as receiver of a non-bank financial company and its subsidiaries. OLA differs from the Bankruptcy Code in several respects. In addition, because the legislation remains subject to clarification
through FDIC regulations and has yet to be applied by the FDIC in any receivership, it is unclear what impact these provisions will have on any particular company, including CarMax Business Services, the Seller or the Trust, or such company’s
creditors.
Potential Applicability to CarMax Business Services
,
the Seller and the Trust
. There is uncertainty about which
companies will be subject to OLA rather than the Bankruptcy Code. For a company to become subject to OLA, the Secretary of the Treasury (in consultation with the President of the United States) must determine that:
There can be no assurance that the OLA provisions would not be applied to CarMax Business Services, although we expect that OLA will be used
only very rarely. The Seller or the Trust could, under certain circumstances, also be subject to OLA.
FDIC’s Avoidance Power
Under OLA
. The provisions of OLA relating to preferential transfers differ from those of the Bankruptcy Code. If CarMax Business Services were to become subject to OLA, there is an interpretation under OLA that previous transfers of Receivables
by CarMax Business Services or the Seller perfected for purposes of state law and the Bankruptcy Code could nevertheless be avoided as preferential transfers, with the result that the Receivables securing the Notes could be reclaimed by the FDIC and
Noteholders may have only an unsecured claim against CarMax Business Services or the Seller, as applicable.
In December 2010, the Acting
General Counsel of the FDIC issued an advisory opinion which concludes that the treatment of preferential transfers under OLA was intended to be consistent with, and should be interpreted in a manner consistent with, the related provisions under the
Bankruptcy Code. On July 6, 2011, the FDIC adopted a final regulation which, among other things, codifies the advisory opinion. This final regulation was effective on August 15, 2011. Based on the advisory opinion and this regulation, the
transfer of Receivables by CarMax Business Services to the Seller (so long as such transfer has been perfected by the filing of a UCC financing statement) should not be avoidable by the FDIC as a preference under OLA.
FDIC’s Repudiation Power Under OLA
. If the FDIC is appointed receiver of a company under OLA, the FDIC would have the power to
repudiate any contract to which the company was a party, if the FDIC determined that performance of the contract was burdensome and that repudiation would promote the orderly administration of the company’s affairs.
In January 2011, the Acting General Counsel of the FDIC issued an advisory opinion confirming:
133
Table of Contents
CarMax Business Services and the Seller intend that the sale of the Receivables by CarMax Business Services to the Seller will constitute a
“true sale” between separate legal entities under applicable state law. As a result, CarMax Business Services believes that the FDIC would not be able to recover the Receivables using its repudiation power.
The advisory opinion does not bind the FDIC and could be modified or withdrawn in the future. There can be no assurance that future
regulations or subsequent FDIC actions in an OLA proceeding involving CarMax Business Services, the Seller or the Trust would not be contrary to this opinion.
Regardless of whether the sale of the Receivables by CarMax Business Services to the Seller is respected as a legal true sale, as receiver for
CarMax Business Services, the Seller or the Trust, the FDIC could, among other things:
[TABLE:471]
If the FDIC, as receiver for CarMax Business Services, the Seller or
the Trust, were to take any of the actions described above, payments on the Notes would be delayed and may be reduced.
If the Trust were
placed in receivership under OLA, the FDIC would have the power to repudiate the Notes. In that case, the FDIC would be required to pay compensatory damages that are no less than the principal amount of the Notes plus accrued interest as of the date
the FDIC was appointed receiver and, to the extent that the value of the property that secured the Notes is greater than the principal amount of the Notes and any accrued interest through the date of repudiation or disaffirmance, such accrued
interest.
Consumer Protection Laws
Numerous federal and state consumer protection laws and related regulations impose substantial requirements upon creditors and servicers
involved in consumer finance. These laws include the Truth-in-Lending Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Federal Trade Commission Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Fair
134
Table of Contents
Debt Collection Practices Act, the Magnuson-Moss Warranty Act, the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, state adaptations of the National Consumer Act and of
the Uniform Consumer Credit Code and state motor vehicle retail installment sale acts and other similar laws. Also, the laws of certain states impose finance charge ceilings and other restrictions on consumer transactions and require contract
disclosures in addition to those required under federal law. These requirements impose specific statutory liabilities upon creditors who fail to comply with their provisions. In some cases, this liability could affect the ability of an assignee such
as the Indenture Trustee to enforce consumer finance contracts such as the Receivables.
The so-called “Holder-in-Due-Course
Rule” of the Federal Trade Commission has the effect of subjecting a seller, and certain related lenders and their assignees, in a consumer credit transaction to all claims and defenses which the obligor in the transaction could assert against
the seller of the goods. Liability under the Holder-in-Due-Course Rule is limited to the amounts paid by the obligor under the contract, and the holder of the contract may also be unable to collect any balance remaining due thereunder from the
obligor. The Holder-in-Due-Course Rule is generally duplicated by the Uniform Consumer Credit Code, other state statutes or the common law in certain states.
Most of the Receivables will be subject to the requirements of the Holder-in-Due-Course Rule. Accordingly, the Trust, as holder of the
Receivables, will be subject to any claims or defenses that the purchaser of a Financed Vehicle may assert against the seller of the Financed Vehicle. Such claims are limited to a maximum liability equal to the amounts paid by the obligor on the
Receivable.
If an obligor were successful in asserting any such claim or defense as described in the two immediately preceding
paragraphs, such claim or defense would constitute a breach of a representation and warranty under the Receivables Purchase Agreement and the Sale and Servicing Agreement and would create an obligation of the Seller to repurchase the Receivable
unless the breach were cured.
Courts have applied general equitable principles to secured parties pursuing repossession or litigation
involving deficiency balances. These equitable principles may have the effect of relieving an obligor from some or all of the legal consequences of a default.
In several cases, consumers have asserted that the self-help remedies of secured parties under the UCC and related laws violate the due
process protection of the Fourteenth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States. Courts have generally either upheld the notice provisions of the UCC and related laws as reasonable or have found that the creditor’s repossession and
resale do not involve sufficient state action to afford constitutional protection to consumers.
CarMax Business Services will represent
and warrant to the Seller in the Receivables Purchase Agreement, and the Seller will represent and warrant to the Trust in the Sale and Servicing Agreement, that each Receivable complies as of the Closing Date in all material respects with all
requirements of law. If an obligor has a claim against the Trust for violation of any law and that claim materially and adversely affects the Trust’s interest in a Receivable, and that violation is not cured, CarMax Business Services would be
required to repurchase the Receivable from the Seller and the Seller would be required to repurchase the Receivable from the Trust to the extent described under “
The Receivables Purchase Agreement—Repurchase of Receivables
”
and “
The Sale and Servicing Agreement—Repurchase of Receivables
” in this prospectus.
Other Matters
In addition to the laws limiting or prohibiting deficiency judgments, numerous other statutory provisions, including the Bankruptcy
Code and related state laws, may interfere with or affect the ability of a creditor to realize upon collateral or enforce a deficiency judgment. For example, in a Chapter 13 proceeding under the Bankruptcy Code, a court may prevent a creditor from
repossessing a motor vehicle and, as part of the rehabilitation plan, reduce the amount of the secured indebtedness to the market value of the motor vehicle at the time of bankruptcy, as determined by the court, leaving the party providing financing
as a general unsecured creditor for the remainder of the indebtedness. A bankruptcy court may also reduce the monthly payments due under the related contract or change the rate of interest and time of repayment of the indebtedness.
135
Table of Contents
Under the terms of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, an obligor who enters the military
service after the origination of that obligor’s Receivable (including an obligor who is a member of the National Guard or is in reserve status at the time of the origination of the obligor’s Receivable and is later called to active duty)
is entitled to have the interest rate reduced and capped at 6% per annum for the duration of the military service, may be entitled to a stay of proceedings on foreclosures and similar actions and may have the maturity of the retail installment
sale contract extended or the payments lowered and the payment schedule adjusted. In addition, pursuant to the laws of various states, under certain circumstances residents thereof called into active duty with the National Guard or the reserves can
apply to a court to delay payments on retail installment sale contracts such as the Receivables. Application of any of the foregoing acts or other similar acts under state law would adversely affect, for an indeterminate period of time, the ability
of the Servicer to foreclose on an affected Receivable during the obligor’s period of active duty status and, in some cases, for a period of one year thereafter. Thus, if that Receivable goes into default, there may be delays and losses
occasioned by the inability to exercise the Trust’s rights with respect to the Receivable and the related Financed Vehicle in a timely fashion.
MATERIAL FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES
The following is a summary of the material United States federal income tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of Notes
to investors who purchase the Notes in the initial distribution and who hold the Notes as “capital assets” within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Internal Revenue Code. The summary does not purport to deal with all United States
federal income tax consequences applicable to all categories of holders, some of which may be subject to special rules. For example, it does not discuss the tax treatment of Noteholders that are insurance companies, financial institutions, regulated
investment companies, dealers in securities or currencies, tax-exempt entities, holders that hold the Notes as part of a hedge, straddle, “synthetic security” or other integrated transaction for United States federal income tax purposes,
certain accrual method taxpayers subject to the rules of Section 451 of the Internal Revenue Code, persons subject to any alternative minimum tax and holders whose functional currency is not the United States dollar. The discussion under this
section does not apply to any Notes that are held by the depositor or one or more affiliates not treated as a separate entity from the depositor for United States federal income tax purposes. For purposes of the following summary, references to the
Trust, the Notes and related terms, parties and documents shall be deemed to refer, unless otherwise specified herein, to the Trust and the Notes and related terms, parties and documents applicable to the Trust.
The following summary is based upon current provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, the Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder and
judicial or administrative authority, all of which are subject to change, which change may be retroactive. The Trust will be provided with an opinion of Mayer Brown LLP, as special federal tax counsel to the Seller, regarding certain United States
federal income tax matters discussed below. A legal opinion, however, is not binding on the IRS or the courts. No ruling on any of the issues discussed below will be sought from the IRS. Moreover, there are no cases or IRS rulings on similar
transactions involving both debt and equity interests issued by a trust with terms similar to those of the Notes.
As a result, the IRS may disagree with all or a part of the discussion below. We suggest that prospective investors consult their
own tax advisors in determining the federal, state, local, foreign and any other tax consequences to them of the purchase, ownership and disposition of the Notes. The discussion below does not purport to furnish information in the level of detail or
with the attention to a prospective investor’s specific tax circumstances that would be provided by a prospective investor’s own tax advisor.
Unless otherwise specified, the following summary relates only to holders of the Notes that are United States Persons. If a partnership
(including for this purpose any entity treated as a partnership for United States federal income tax purposes) is a beneficial owner of Notes, the treatment of a partner in the partnership will generally depend upon the status of the partner and
upon the activities of the partnership. A holder of the Notes that is a partnership and partners in such partnership should consult their tax advisors about the United States federal income tax consequences of holding and disposing of the Notes.
On the closing date, Mayer Brown LLP, as special federal tax counsel to the Seller, will deliver an opinion, subject to the assumptions
and qualifications therein, including compliance with all of the provisions of the applicable agreements, to the effect that, for United States federal income tax purposes:
136
Table of Contents
[TABLE:474]
Each opinion is an expression of an opinion only, is not a guarantee of results and is not binding on the
IRS or any third party.
Tax Characterization of the Trust
The opinion of Mayer Brown LLP that the Trust will not be characterized as an association, or a publicly traded partnership, taxable as a
corporation for United States federal income tax purposes will be based on the assumption that the terms of the Trust Agreement and related documents will be complied with by the parties thereto.
Because the Trust will not be taxable as a corporation, it will necessarily be taxed as a partnership, a “grantor” trust or a
disregarded entity. Unless the Notes are not treated as indebtedness for United States federal income tax purposes, the differences among these three entities should not affect the Noteholders for United States federal income tax purposes. If,
contrary to the opinion of Mayer Brown LLP and the expectation of CarMax Business Services, the Notes were treated as equity in the Trust, the classification of the Trust as a partnership or a grantor trust could have adverse tax consequences to
Noteholders.
If the Trust is treated as a partnership for United States federal income tax purposes, partnership audit rules would
generally apply to the Trust. Under these rules, unless an entity elects otherwise, taxes arising from audit adjustments are required to be paid by the entity rather than by its partners or members. The parties responsible for the tax administration
of the Trust described herein will have the authority to utilize, and intend to utilize, any exceptions available under these provisions (including any changes) and Treasury regulations so that the Trust’s members, to the fullest extent
possible, rather than the Trust itself, will be liable for any taxes arising from audit adjustments to the Trust’s taxable income if the Trust is treated as a partnership. It is unclear to what extent these elections will be available to the
Trust and how any such elections may affect the procedural rules available to challenge any audit adjustment that would otherwise be available in the absence of any such elections. Prospective investors are urged to consult with their tax advisors
regarding the possible effect of these rules.
If the Trust were taxable as a corporation for United States federal income tax purposes,
the Trust would be subject to corporate income tax on its taxable income. The Trust’s taxable income would include all its income on the Receivables and may possibly be reduced by its interest expense on the Notes. Any corporate income tax
could materially reduce cash available to make payments on the Notes.
Tax Consequences to Holders of the Notes
Treatment of the Notes as Indebtedness.
The Noteholders will agree by their purchase of the Notes to treat the Notes as indebtedness for
United States federal income tax purposes. Mayer Brown LLP, as special federal tax counsel to the Trust, will deliver an opinion, subject to the assumptions and qualifications therein, to the effect that the Notes will be classified as indebtedness
for United States federal income tax purposes to the extent the Notes are treated as beneficially owned by a person other than (A) the Trust or a person considered to be the same person as the Trust for United States federal income tax
purposes, (B) a member of an expanded group (as defined in Treasury Regulation section 1.385-1(c)(4) or any successor regulation then in effect) that includes the Trust (or a person considered to be the same person as the Trust for United
States federal income tax purposes), (C) a “controlled
137
Table of Contents
partnership” (as defined in Treasury Regulation section 1.385-1(c)(1) or any successor regulation then in effect) of such expanded group or (D) a disregarded entity owned directly or
indirectly by a person described in preceding clause (B) or (C). The discussion below assumes that this characterization is correct.
Original Issue Discount (
“
OID
”
)
,
etc
. The discussion below assumes that all payments on the Notes are
denominated in United States dollars, that principal and interest is payable on the Notes and that the Notes are not indexed securities or entitled to principal or interest payments with disproportionate, nominal or no payments. Moreover, the
discussion assumes that the interest formula for the Notes meets the requirements for “qualified stated interest” under the Treasury regulations relating to OID (or, the original issue discount regulations), and that any OID on the
Notes, i.e., any excess of the principal amount of the Notes over their issue price, is not equal to or in excess of a
de
minimis
amount, i.e., any OID on the Notes is less than
1
⁄
4
% of their principal amount multiplied by their weighted average maturities included in their term, all within the meaning of the original issue discount regulations.
It is possible that one or more classes of Notes may be treated as issued with OID, and if the Notes were treated as being issued with OID
that was not
de
minimis
, a Noteholder would be required to include OID in income as interest over the term of the Notes under a constant yield method. In general, OID must be included in income in advance of the receipt of cash
representing that income. Thus, each cash distribution would be treated as an amount already included in income, to the extent OID had accrued as of the date of the interest distribution and had not been allocated to prior distributions, or as a
repayment of principal. This treatment would have no significant effect on Noteholders using the accrual method of accounting. However, cash method Noteholders might be required to report income on the Notes in advance of the receipt of cash
attributable to that income.
Interest Income on the Notes
. Based on the foregoing assumptions, except as discussed in the
following paragraph, the Notes will not be considered to have been issued with OID except that the Notes may be issued with
de
minimis
OID. The stated interest thereon will be taxable to a Noteholder as ordinary interest income when
received or accrued in accordance with the Noteholder’s method of tax accounting. Under the OID regulations, a holder of a Note issued with a
de
minimis
amount of OID must include any OID in income, on a pro rata basis, as
principal payments are made on the Note.
A holder of a Note having a fixed maturity of one year or less, known as a “Short-Term
Note,” may be subject to special rules. An accrual basis holder of a Short-Term Note, and certain cash method holders, including regulated investment companies, as set forth in Section 1281 of the Internal Revenue Code, generally would be
required to report interest income as interest accrues on a straight-line basis over the term of each interest period. Other cash basis holders of a Short-Term Note would, in general, be required to report interest income as interest is paid, or, if
earlier, upon the taxable disposition of the Short-Term Note. However, a cash basis holder of a Short-Term Note reporting interest income as it is paid may be required to defer a portion of any interest expense otherwise deductible on indebtedness
incurred to purchase or carry the Short-Term Note until the taxable disposition of the Short-Term Note. A cash basis taxpayer may elect under Section 1281 of the Internal Revenue Code to accrue interest income on all nongovernment debt
obligations with a term of one year or less, in which case the taxpayer would include interest on the Short-Term Note in income as it accrues, but would not be subject to the interest expense deferral rule referred to in the preceding sentence.
Certain special rules apply if a Short-Term Note is purchased for more or less than its principal amount.
Sale or Other
Disposition
. If a Noteholder sells a Note, the holder will recognize gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between the amount realized on the sale and the holder’s adjusted tax basis in the Note. The adjusted tax basis of a
Note to a particular Noteholder will equal the holder’s cost for the Note, increased by any market discount and OID previously included by the Noteholder in income with respect to the Note and decreased by the amount of bond premium, if any,
previously amortized and by the amount of principal payments previously received by the Noteholder with respect to the Note. Any gain or loss will be capital gain or loss if the Note was held as a capital asset, except for gain representing accrued
interest and accrued market discount not previously included in income. Any capital gain recognized upon a sale, exchange or other disposition of a Note will be long-term capital gain if the seller’s holding period is more than one year and
will be short-term capital gain if the seller’s holding period is one year or less. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to certain limitations. We suggest that prospective investors consult with their own tax advisors concerning the
United States federal tax consequences of the sale, exchange or other disposition of a Note.
138
Table of Contents
Foreign Holders
. Interest payments made, or accrued, to a Noteholder who is a Foreign
Person that is an individual or corporation for United States federal income tax purposes generally will be considered “portfolio interest,” and generally will not be subject to United States federal income tax and withholding tax,
provided that reporting requirements are met as described in “—
Tax Consequences to Holders of the Notes—Foreign Account Tax Compliance
” in this prospectus, if the interest is not effectively connected with the conduct
of a trade or business within the United States by the Foreign Person and the Foreign Person satisfies certain requirements, including the requirements that the Foreign Person:
[TABLE:476]
[TABLE:477]
If such interest received by a Foreign Person is not
portfolio interest, then it will be subject to withholding tax unless the Foreign Person provides a properly executed IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E claiming an exemption from or reduction in withholding under the benefit of a tax treaty or an IRS Form
W-8ECI stating that interest paid is not subject to withholding tax because it is effectively connected with the Foreign Person’s conduct of a trade or business in the United States. If the interest is effectively connected income (and under
certain tax treaties is attributable to a U.S. permanent establishment maintained by such Foreign Person), the Foreign Person, although exempt from the withholding tax discussed above, will be subject to United States federal income tax on that
interest at graduated rates. A Foreign Person other than an individual or corporation (or an entity treated as such for United States federal income tax purposes) holding the Notes on its own behalf may have substantially increased reporting
requirements. In particular, in case of Notes held by a foreign partnership or foreign trust, the partners or beneficiaries, as the case may be, may be required to provide certain additional information.
Any capital gain realized on the sale, redemption, retirement or other taxable disposition of a Note by a Foreign Person will be exempt from
United States federal income and withholding tax, provided that the gain is not effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business in the United States by the Foreign Person and, in the case of an individual Foreign Person, the Foreign
Person is not present in the United States for 183 days or more in the taxable year and does not otherwise have a “tax home” within the United States.
Backup Withholding
. Each holder of a Note, other than an exempt holder such as a corporation, tax-exempt organization, qualified
pension and profit-sharing trust, individual retirement account or nonresident alien who provides certification as to status as a nonresident, will be required to provide, under penalty of perjury, a certificate containing the holder’s name,
address, correct federal taxpayer identification number and a statement that the holder is not subject to backup withholding. Should a nonexempt Noteholder fail to provide the required certification, the Trust will be required to backup withhold a
certain portion of the amount otherwise payable to the holder, and remit the withheld amount to the IRS as a credit against the holder’s federal income tax liability.
Foreign Account Tax Compliance
. The “Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act” or “FATCA” significantly changes the
reporting requirements imposed on certain Foreign Persons, including certain foreign financial institutions and investment funds.
Under
FATCA, foreign financial institutions (which include hedge funds, private equity funds, mutual funds, securitization vehicles and any other investment vehicles regardless of their size) and certain other non-financial foreign entities must comply
with information reporting rules with respect to their U.S. account holders and investors or be subject to a 30% withholding tax with respect to any “withholdable payments.” For this purpose, withholdable payments are U.S. source
payments otherwise subject to nonresident withholding tax and also include the entire gross proceeds from the sale of any equity or debt instruments of U.S. issuers. The withholding tax under FATCA applies regardless of whether the payment would
otherwise be exempt from U.S. nonresident withholding tax (e.g., under the portfolio interest exemption or as capital gain). The withholding tax under FATCA currently
139
Table of Contents
applies with respect to interest payments and, under rules previously scheduled to take effect beginning on January 1, 2019, were to be imposed on gross proceeds from a disposition of debt
instruments. Treasury regulations were recently published in proposed form that eliminate withholding on payments of gross proceeds from such dispositions. Pursuant to these proposed Treasury regulations, the Trust and any withholding agent may rely
on this change to FATCA withholding until the final Treasury regulations are issued. Potential investors are encouraged to consult with their tax advisors regarding the possible implications of this legislation on an investment in the Notes.
Each holder of a Note or an interest therein, by acceptance of such Note or such interest therein, will be deemed to have agreed to provide to
the Indenture Trustee upon the request of the Indenture Trustee, or to and upon the request of any Paying Agent or the Trust, (i) properly completed and signed tax certifications, for a U.S. person, on IRS Form W-9 and, for a non-U.S. person,
on the appropriate IRS Form W-8 and (ii) to the extent any FATCA withholding or deduction is applicable, information sufficient to eliminate the imposition of, or determine the amount of, such withholding or deduction under FATCA. The Indenture
Trustee has the right to withhold any amounts (properly withholdable under law and without any corresponding gross-up) payable to any holder of a Note or an interest therein that fails to comply with the requirements of the preceding sentence.
Medicare Surtax on Net Investment Income
. Certain individuals, estates and trusts are required to pay a 3.8% Medicare surtax on
“net investment income” including, among other things, interest and proceeds of sale in respect of securities like the Notes, subject to certain exceptions. Prospective investors should consult with their own tax advisors regarding the
effect, if any, of this provision on their ownership and disposition of the Notes.
Possible Alternative Treatments of the Notes
.
If, contrary to the opinion of Mayer Brown LLP, the IRS successfully asserted that one or more of the Notes did not represent indebtedness for United States federal income tax purposes, the Notes might be treated as equity interests in the Trust. If
any Notes were so treated, the Trust might be treated as a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation with potentially adverse tax consequences. In such a scenario the publicly traded partnership, taxable as a corporation, would not be
able to reduce its taxable income by deductions for interest expense on Notes recharacterized as equity. Alternatively, and most likely in the view of Mayer Brown, the Trust would be treated as a publicly traded partnership that would not be taxable
as a corporation because it would meet certain qualifying income tests, and thus the Trust would likely be taxed as a partnership. Treatment of the Notes as equity interests in such a partnership could result in adverse tax consequences to certain
holders. For example, income to certain tax-exempt entities, including pension funds, would be “unrelated business taxable income,” and foreign holders (i) may be subject to (x) United States tax and United States tax return
filing and withholding requirements and (y) withholding of tax on purchase price paid to them in the event of a disposition of a recharacterized Note, or (ii) may be subject to 30% withholding tax on gross income allocated to them (or,
alternatively, on an income amount equal to the expected interest on the Notes) unless reduced or eliminated pursuant to an applicable tax treaty. To the extent the Trust expenses are treated as allocable to a trade or business, the amount or value
of interest expense deductions available to a holder may be limited under the rules of Section 163(j) of the Internal Revenue Code. To the extent Trust expenses are treated as investment expenses, individuals are generally subject to
limitations on their ability to deduct their share of Trust expenses. All holders treated as equity holders may have adverse timing and character consequences.
Tax Regulations for Acquisition of Notes by Related Parties
. Treasury regulations under Section 385 of the Internal Revenue Code
address the treatment of instruments as debt or equity where the instruments are held by certain parties who are related to the issuer. Under these regulations, in certain circumstances a Note that otherwise would be treated as debt is treated
as equity for United States federal income tax purposes during periods in which the note is held by a related party (generally based on a group of corporations or controlled partnerships connected through 80% direct or indirect
ownership). Under these regulations, although it is not entirely clear, it is expected that any Notes treated as equity under these rules would be converted back to debt when acquired by a beneficial owner that is not a related party. In the
event that such conversion into a debt instrument is not automatic and the determination of debt-equity status would need to be conducted at such time of the later acquisition, it is possible that such instrument could constitute equity in the
issuer for United States federal income tax purposes. In this regard, prospective investors should consider the discussion in “—
Tax Consequences to Holders of the Notes—Possible Alternative Treatments of the
Notes
” above regarding the consequences of that development. Although there is no present intent to sell the Certificates, the Trust Agreement addresses the Treasury regulations under Section 385 of the Internal Revenue Code in
order to prevent their application to the Notes. Moreover, the Seller and Owner Trustee will be able to amend the Trust Agreement in the future without the consent of Noteholders as
140
Table of Contents
required to prevent the application of such Treasury regulations to the Notes. However, the Treasury regulations are complex and have not yet been applied by the IRS or any court. In addition,
the IRS has reserved certain portions of the Treasury regulations pending its further consideration. Prospective investors are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding the possible effects of these rules.
CERTAIN STATE TAX CONSEQUENCES
The activities of servicing and collecting on the Receivables will be undertaken by the Servicer. Because of the variation in each
state’s tax laws based in whole or in part upon income, it is impossible to predict tax consequences to holders of Notes in all of the state taxing jurisdictions in which they are already subject to tax. Additionally, it is possible a state or
local jurisdiction may assert its right to impose tax on the Trust with respect to its income related to Receivables collected from customers located in such jurisdiction. It is also possible that a state may require that a Certificateholder and any
Noteholder treated as an equity-owner (including non-resident holders) file state income tax returns with the state pertaining to Receivables collected from customers located in such state (and may require withholding by the Trust on related
income). Noteholders should consult their own tax advisors with respect to state tax consequences arising out of the purchase, ownership and disposition of Notes.
The federal and state tax discussions set forth above are included for information only and may not be applicable depending upon a
Noteholder’s particular tax situation. We suggest that prospective purchasers consult their tax advisors with respect to the tax consequences to them of the purchase, ownership and disposition of Notes, including the tax consequences under
state, local, foreign and other tax laws and the possible effects of changes in federal or other tax laws.
MATERIAL CONSIDERATIONS FOR ERISA AND OTHER U.S. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN INVESTORS
Subject to the following discussion, the Notes generally may be acquired with the assets of Benefit Plan Investors or of employee benefit
plans or arrangements not subject to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code (collectively with Benefit Plan Investors, “
Plan Investors
”). The discussion under this section does not apply to any Notes
that are held by the depositor or one or more affiliates not treated as a separate entity from the depositor for United States federal income tax purposes.
Title I of ERISA requires fiduciaries of Benefit Plan Investors subject to ERISA to make investments that are prudent, diversified and in
accordance with the governing plan documents. In addition, fiduciaries of Benefit Plan Investors are prohibited from causing such Benefit Plan Investors to engage in certain transactions with persons that are “parties in interest” under
Section 406 of ERISA or “disqualified persons” under Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code with respect to such Benefit Plan Investors. A violation of these “prohibited transaction” rules may result in an excise
tax or other penalties and liabilities under ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code for these persons or the fiduciaries of such Benefit Plan Investor. The acquisition or holding of Notes by or on behalf of a Benefit Plan Investor could give rise to a
prohibited transaction if the Seller, the sponsor, the Servicer, the Trust, the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee, the Administrator, the underwriters or any of their respective affiliates is or becomes a party in interest or a disqualified
person with respect to that Benefit Plan Investor.
Exemptions from the prohibited transaction rules could apply to the purchase and
holding of Notes by a Benefit Plan Investor depending on the type and circumstances of the plan fiduciary making the decision to acquire the Notes and the relationship of the party in interest or disqualified person to the Benefit Plan Investor.
These exemptions include: Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption (“
PTCE
”) 96-23, regarding transactions effected by “in-house asset managers”; PTCE 95-60, regarding investments by insurance company general accounts;
PTCE 91-38, regarding investments by bank collective investment funds; PTCE 90-1, regarding investments by insurance company pooled separate accounts; and PTCE 84-14, regarding transactions effected by “qualified professional asset
managers.” In addition to the class exemptions listed above, Section 408(b)(17) of ERISA and Section 4975(d)(20) of the Internal Revenue Code provide exemptions for prohibited transactions between a Benefit Plan Investor and a person
or entity that is a party in interest or disqualified person to such Benefit Plan Investor solely by reason of providing services to the Benefit Plan Investor or by reason of certain relationships with such a service provider (excluding any party in
interest or disqualified person that is a fiduciary, or an affiliate of a fiduciary, that
141
Table of Contents
has or exercises discretionary authority or control or renders investment advice with respect to the assets of the Benefit Plan Investor involved in the transaction), provided that the Benefit
Plan Investor receives no less, nor pays no more, than adequate consideration for the transaction.
Even if the conditions specified in
one or more of these exemptions are met, the scope of the relief provided might or might not cover all acts which might constitute or result in prohibited transactions. There can be no assurance that any exemption will be available with respect to
any particular transaction involving the Notes. Prospective purchasers that intend to use the assets of a Benefit Plan Investor to acquire Notes should consult with their legal advisors regarding the applicability of any such exemption.
Certain transactions involving the Trust might be deemed to constitute or result in “prohibited transactions” under Title I of
ERISA or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code if the assets of the Trust were deemed, under the Plan Asset Regulation, to include the “plan assets” of Benefit Plan Investors who have acquired Notes. The Plan Asset Regulation
would deem the assets of the Trust to include the “plan assets” of Benefit Plan Investors only if such Benefit Plan Investors held “equity interests” in the Trust and no exception from plan asset treatment under the Plan
Asset Regulation applied. For purposes of the Plan Asset Regulation, an “equity interest” is an interest other than an instrument which is treated as indebtedness under applicable local law and which has no substantial equity features.
Although there is little guidance on the subject, assuming the Notes constitute debt for local law purposes, the Seller believes that, as
of the Closing Date, the Notes should be treated as indebtedness without substantial equity features for purposes of the Plan Asset Regulation. This determination is based in part upon the traditional debt features of the Notes, including the
reasonable expectation of purchasers of the Notes that interest and principal will be paid or repaid when due and the availability of traditional default remedies, as well as upon the absence of conversion rights, warrants and other typical equity
features. This debt treatment of any class of Notes for purposes of the Plan Asset Regulation could change, subsequent to their issuance, if the issuing entity incurred losses or if the rating of such class of Notes fell below investment grade. This
risk of recharacterization is enhanced for classes of Notes that are subordinated to other classes of Notes or other securities.
Plan
Investors that are not subject to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code, such as a “governmental plan” (as defined in Section 3(32) of ERISA) or certain “church plans” (as defined in
Section 3(33) of ERISA), may be subject to other federal, state, local or other law that is substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code (“
Similar Law
”). Such Plan Investors
should consult with their legal advisors regarding such provisions of law and their relevance to the acquisition of the Notes.
By
acquiring a Note (or an interest therein), each purchaser and transferee (and its fiduciary, if applicable) will be deemed to have represented and warranted that either (a) it is not acquiring the Note (or an interest therein) with the plan
assets of any Plan Investor or (b) the acquisition, holding and disposition of the Note (or an interest therein) will not give rise to a non-exempt “prohibited transaction” under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the
Internal Revenue Code or a violation of any Similar Law.
The sale of Notes (or any interest therein) to a Plan Investor is not a
representation by the Trust, the underwriters or any other party involved in the offering of the Notes that such an investment by the Plan Investor meets all relevant legal requirements relating to investments by Plan Investors generally or by any
particular Plan Investor or that such an investment by the Plan Investor is appropriate for Plan Investors generally or for any particular Plan Investor.
Before purchasing the Notes, each person acquiring the Notes with the assets of a Plan Investor should consult with its legal advisors
regarding the matters described in this prospectus and the applicable legal requirements.
142
Table of Contents
UNDERWRITING
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the underwriting agreement, the Seller has agreed to sell to each of the underwriters named
below, for whom MUFG Securities Americas Inc. is acting as representative, and each of the underwriters has severally agreed to purchase, the principal amount of the Notes set forth opposite its name below:
The Seller has been advised by the underwriters that they
propose initially to offer the Notes to the public at the applicable prices set forth on the cover page of this prospectus. After the initial public offering of the Notes, the public offering prices may change.
The underwriters have advised the depositor that in connection with the offering to the public of the Notes purchased by the underwriters, the
underwriters may engage in overallotment transactions, stabilizing transactions or syndicate covering transactions in accordance with Regulation M under the Exchange Act. Overallotment involves sales in excess of the offering size, which
creates a short position for the underwriters. Stabilizing transactions involve bids to purchase the Notes in the open market for the purpose of pegging, fixing or maintaining the price of the Notes. Syndicate covering transactions involve purchases
of the Notes in the open market after the distribution has been completed in order to cover short positions. Overallotment, stabilizing transactions and syndicate covering transactions may cause the price of the Notes to be higher than it would
otherwise be in the absence of those transactions. Neither the Seller nor any of the underwriters makes any representation or prediction as to the direction or magnitude of any of that effect on the prices for the Notes. In addition, neither the
Seller nor any of the underwriters represent that the underwriters will engage in any such transactions. If the underwriters engage in such transactions, they may discontinue them at any time. Rule 15c6-1 under the Exchange Act generally
requires trades in the secondary market to settle in one Business Day, unless the parties to such trade expressly agree otherwise.
143
Table of Contents
Because delivery of Notes to purchasers hereunder will settle more than one Business Day after the date hereof, purchasers hereunder who wish to trade Notes in the secondary market on the date
hereof will be required to specify an alternative settlement cycle with their secondary purchasers to prevent a failed settlement of the secondary purchase. Purchasers hereunder who wish to make such secondary trades on the date hereof are
encouraged to consult their own advisors.
The underwriting discounts and commissions are set forth on the cover page of this prospectus.
After the initial public offering of the Notes, these discounts and commissions may change. The selling concessions that the underwriters may allow to certain dealers and the discounts that such dealers may reallow to certain other dealers,
expressed as a percentage of the principal amount of each class of Notes shall be as set forth below. In the event of sales to an affiliate, one or more of the underwriters may be required to forego a portion of the selling concession they would
otherwise be entitled to receive.
[TABLE:480]
The Notes are new issues of securities with no established trading markets. The Seller has been advised by
certain underwriters that they intend to make a market in the Notes of each class, in each case as permitted by applicable laws and regulations. The underwriters are not obligated, however, to make a market in the Notes of any class, and that
market-making may be discontinued at any time without notice at the sole discretion of the underwriters. Accordingly, no assurance can be given as to the liquidity of, or trading markets for, the Notes of any class.
The Indenture Trustee may, from time to time, invest the funds in the Collection Account and the Reserve Account in investments acquired from
or issued by the underwriters or their affiliates pursuant to the terms of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.
In the ordinary course of
business, the underwriters and their affiliates have engaged and may engage in investment banking and commercial banking transactions with CarMax Business Services and the Seller and their affiliates.
As discussed under “
Use of Proceeds
” below, CarMax Business Services or its affiliates will use all or a portion of the net
proceeds from the sale of the Notes to pay their respective existing indebtedness, including warehouse debt secured by the Receivables prior to the transfer of the Receivables to the Seller. Portions of such warehouse debt are owed to one or more of
the underwriters or their affiliates or entities for which their affiliates act as administrator and/or provide liquidity lines.
CarMax
Business Services and the Seller have agreed jointly and severally to indemnify the underwriters against certain liabilities, including civil liabilities under the Securities Act, or to contribute to payments which the underwriters may be required
to make in respect thereof.
The closing of the sale of each class of Notes is conditioned on the closing of the sale of each other class
of Notes.
Upon receipt of a request by an investor who has received an electronic prospectus from an underwriter or a request by such
investor’s representative within the period during which there is an obligation to deliver a prospectus, the Seller or the underwriter will promptly deliver, without charge, a paper copy of this prospectus.
144
Table of Contents
United Kingdom
Each underwriter will represent, undertake and agree, severally and not jointly, as follows:
Prohibition on sales to UK Retail Investors
(a) it has
not offered, sold or otherwise made available, and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available, any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this prospectus to any UK Retail Investor in the UK;
Other UK regulatory restrictions
(b) it has only
communicated or caused to be communicated, and will only communicate or cause to be communicated, an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the
issue or sale of the Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the issuing entity or the Seller; and
(c) it has
complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to the Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK.
For the purposes of this provision:
(a) the
expression “
UK Retail Investor
” means a person who is neither:
(i) a professional client, as defined in point
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and as amended; nor
(ii)
a qualified investor, as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation or, on and from the POATRs Effective Date, paragraph 15 of Schedule 1 to the POATRs; and
(b) the expression “
offer
” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and
the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to buy or subscribe for the Notes.
European Economic Area
Each underwriter will represent, undertake and agree, severally and not jointly, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available,
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available, any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this prospectus to any EU Retail Investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision:
(a) the expression “
EU Retail Investor
” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II;
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the EU Prospectus
Regulation; and
(b) the expression “
offer
” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the
terms of the offer and the Notes so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
145
Table of Contents
USE OF PROCEEDS
The Seller will use the net proceeds from the sale of the Notes to pay CarMax Business Services for the Receivables. CarMax Business Services
or its affiliates will use all or a portion of the net proceeds to pay their respective debts, including warehouse debt secured by the Receivables prior to the transfer of the Receivables to the Seller, and for general purposes. To the extent that
such warehouse debt is owed to one or more of the underwriters or their affiliates or entities for which their affiliates act as administrator and/or provide liquidity lines, a portion of the proceeds that is used to pay warehouse debt will be paid
to the underwriters or their respective affiliates.
146
Table of Contents
CREDIT RISK RETENTION
General
All
or a portion of one or more classes of Notes may be retained initially by the depositor. In general, any Notes owned by the Trust, the depositor, the Servicer or any of their respective affiliates will be entitled to benefits under the transaction
documents equally and proportionately to the benefits afforded other owners of Notes, except that such Notes will be deemed not to be outstanding for the purpose of determining whether the requisite percentage of Noteholders have given any request,
demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent or waiver under such documents.
The depositor will also retain the Certificates on the
Closing Date.
The risk retention regulations contained in Regulation RR require CarMax Business Services, as the sponsor of the
transaction described in this prospectus, to retain (either directly or through its majority-owned affiliates) an economic interest in the credit risk of the Receivables. The depositor is a wholly-owned affiliate of CarMax Business Services and will
retain the required economic interest in the credit risk of the Receivables described below to satisfy the sponsor’s requirements under Regulation RR. The depositor may transfer all or a portion of the required retained interest to another
majority-owned affiliate of CarMax Business Services on or after the Closing Date in accordance with Regulation RR.
CarMax Business
Services intends to satisfy its obligation to retain credit risk by, among other things, causing the depositor, its wholly owned subsidiary, to retain an eligible horizontal residual interest (“
EHRI
”) in the form of the
Certificates for each Distribution Date that the Notes are outstanding and held by parties that are not majority-owned affiliates of CarMax Business Services. However, CarMax Business Services or its majority-owned affiliates will no longer be
required to hold the EHRI upon the latest to occur of:
[TABLE:481]
[TABLE:482]
CarMax Business Services, the depositor and any of their affiliates may not hedge or finance the retained interest during this period except as permitted
under Regulation RR. In addition, CarMax Business Services intends to cause the depositor to fund the Reserve Account, which is expected to constitute an “eligible horizontal cash reserve account” under Regulation RR.
As described further below, should retention of the EHRI and establishment of an eligible horizontal cash reserve account fail to satisfy the
sponsor’s risk retention obligations under Regulation RR due to market conditions as determined by the sponsor at or prior to the time of pricing, CarMax Business Services would also expect to retain an eligible vertical interest
(“
EVI
”) in the form of a percentage of each class of Notes in an amount necessary for the sum of the fair value of the EHRI, the amount of the eligible horizontal cash reserve account and the amount of the EVI to at least equal
the required risk retention amount.
Retained Eligible Horizontal Residual Interest
The Certificates are structured to be an EHRI. In general, the Certificates will evidence the residual interest in the Trust and the right to
receive any excess amounts not needed on any Distribution Date to pay the Servicing Fee, certain expenses of the Servicer and amounts owing to the Indenture Trustee and the Asset Representations Reviewer, make required payments on the Notes and make
deposits into the Reserve Account. Because the residual interest is subordinated to each class of Notes and is only entitled to amounts not needed on a Distribution Date to make payments on the Notes or to make other required payments or deposits
according to the priority of payments
147
Table of Contents
described in “
Application of Available Funds
,” the residual interest absorbs losses on the Receivables by reduction of, first, the excess collections, second, the
overcollateralization and, third, the amounts in the Reserve Account, before any such losses may reduce amounts payable to the holders of the Notes. The payments available to the Certificates will be primarily dependent on the cash flows of the
Receivables. The material terms of the Notes and Certificates are described in “
Description of the Notes
”, including under “—
Payments of Interest
”, “—
Payments of
Principal
” and “
—Credit Enhancement
”, under “
Application of Available Funds
”, including under “—
Priority of Distributions (Pre-Acceleration)
” and
“—
Priority of Distributions (Post-Acceleration)
”, under “
The Trust Agreement
” and under “
The Indenture
”, including under “—
Events of
Default
” and “—
Rights Upon Event of Default.
”
In order to satisfy in part its risk retention
obligations, CarMax Business Services will establish and maintain for the Trust the Reserve Account with the Account Bank on the Closing Date in the name of and on behalf of the Trust. This Reserve Account is structured to be an eligible horizontal
cash reserve account and will be funded in an amount equal to at least $2,512,564.68, if the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,000,000,000 and at least $3,266,333.41 if the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is
$1,300,000,000, which, in each case, is expected to represent approximately 0.24% of the fair value of the Notes and the Certificates on the Closing Date. Until the interests of the Trust are paid in full or the Trust is dissolved, amounts on
deposit in the Reserve Account shall be released only in compliance with Rule 4(b)(3) of Regulation RR, including that funds on deposit in the Reserve Account may not be used to pay amounts due and payable to the Servicer for as long as CarMax
Business Services or an affiliate of CarMax Business Services is the Servicer. For all other purposes, the Reserve Account may be used to make any payments that are due as described under “
Application of Available
Funds
” in this prospectus but are otherwise unpaid, including each of the Notes on the Final Scheduled Distribution Date for the related class of Notes, to the extent collections on the Receivables are insufficient to make such
payments. The material terms of the Reserve Account are described in “
Description of the Notes—Credit Enhancement—Reserve Account
”.
CarMax Business Services and the depositor will use a fair value methodology acceptable under generally accepted accounting principles to
value the EHRI and the Notes. To calculate the fair value of the EHRI, CarMax Business Services discounted cash flows projected to be distributed to the Certificates as described in this prospectus to present value based on a discount rate that
reflects the credit exposure to these cash flows. The model also assumes that the Servicer will exercise its Optional Purchase Right on the earliest Distribution Date on which it is permitted to do so and that the purchase price paid will be the
Purchase Amount of all Receivables. Inputs to this methodology, which are intended solely for the purpose of determining the fair value of the EHRI in accordance with the requirements of the Regulation RR, and should not be relied upon by investors
for any other purpose, will include:
[TABLE:484]
[TABLE:485]
148
Table of Contents
[TABLE:486]
[TABLE:487]
[TABLE:488]
[TABLE:489]
[TABLE:490]
[TABLE:491]
[TABLE:492]
CarMax Business Services developed these inputs and assumptions by considering the following factors:
CarMax Business Services believes that the inputs and assumptions described above include the inputs and assumptions that could have a
significant impact on the fair value calculation or a prospective Noteholder’s ability to
149
Table of Contents
evaluate the fair value calculation. The fair value of the Notes and the EHRI was calculated based on the assumptions described above, including the assumptions regarding the characteristics and
performance of the Receivables that will differ from the actual characteristics and performance of the Receivables.
Assuming the Notes
price at approximately the same rates as those set forth above, the approximate fair value of the EHRI will be equal to $48,478,988.82 - $52,322,897.72, if the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,000,000,000, or $63,091,762.88 -
$68,087,553.41, if the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000, as of the Closing Date.
The fair value of the
Notes, assuming the Notes price at approximately the same rates as those set forth above, will be assumed to equal the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes. Based on the foregoing inputs and assumptions, the approximate fair value of the
EHRI that the depositor expects to retain as of the Closing Date, expressed as a percentage of the fair value of the EHRI and the Notes, will be 4.62% - 4.97%, if the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,000,000,000, or 4.63% -
4.98%, if the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000, and the sum of the approximate fair value of the EHRI that the depositor expects to retain and the amount deposited in the Reserve Account on the Closing Date,
expressed as a percentage of the fair value of the EHRI and the Notes, will be 4.86% - 5.21%, if the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,000,000,000, or 4.87% - 5.22%, if the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is
$1,300,000,000.
CarMax Business Services will recalculate the fair value of the Notes and the EHRI following the Closing Date to reflect
the actual sales prices and interest rates of the Notes and any changes in the methodology or inputs and assumptions described above. The fair value of the EHRI, expressed as a dollar amount and as a percentage of the sum of the fair value of the
Notes and the EHRI, will be included in the first distribution report on Form 10-D, together with a description of any material changes in the methodology or key inputs and assumptions used to calculate the fair value.
CarMax Business Services and the depositor will notify the Noteholders of any sale of any Notes or the Certificates retained by CarMax
Business Services, the Servicer, the depositor or any other affiliate of CarMax Business Services by causing such information to be disclosed in the periodic filings on Form 10-D.
Retained Eligible Vertical Interest
Should CarMax Business Services need to retain additional credit risk in order to satisfy its risk retention obligations on the Closing
Date, the depositor or another majority-owned affiliate of CarMax Business Services will retain a percentage of each class of Notes greater than or equal to the excess of the required risk retention amount and the amount deposited to the Reserve
Account and the fair value of the EHRI. By retaining the EVI, the depositor will be a Noteholder of each class of Notes and will be entitled to receive a percentage of all payments of interest and principal made on each class of Notes and, if there
is a shortfall in Available Collections available to make payments to any class of Notes, will bear a pro rata amount of those shortfalls. Each class of Notes retained by the depositor as part of the EVI will have the same terms as all other Notes
in that class, except that the Notes retained by the depositor will be deemed not to be outstanding for purposes of determining whether a required percentage of any class of Notes have taken any action under the Indenture or any other transaction
document. For a description of the Notes and the credit enhancement available for the Notes, you should read “
Description of the Notes
”, including under “—
Payments of Interest
”, “—
Payments
of Principal
” and “
—Credit Enhancement
”, under “
Application of Available Funds
”, including under “—
Priority of Distributions
(Pre-Acceleration)
” and “—
Priority of Distributions (Post-Acceleration)
”, and under “
The Indenture
”, including under “—
Events of
Default
” and “—
Rights Upon Event of Default.
”
150
Table of Contents
AFFILIATIONS AND CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
CarMax Business Services is the sponsor of this securitization transaction and the servicer of the Receivables. CarMax Business
Services is the sole equity member of the Seller. CarMax Business Services has caused the Seller to form the Trust, which will be the issuing entity for this securitization transaction. The indenture trustee is an affiliate of one of the
underwriters.
RATINGS OF THE NOTES
The depositor expects that the Notes (other than any Notes initially retained by the depositor or an affiliate of the depositor) will receive
credit ratings from two NRSROs hired by the sponsor to rate the Notes.
The ratings of the Notes address the likelihood of the payment of
principal and interest on the Notes according to their terms. The ratings assigned to the Notes do not represent any assessment of the likelihood that principal prepayments on the Receivables might differ from those originally anticipated or address
the possibility that Noteholders might suffer a lower than anticipated yield. Each Rating Agency rating the Notes has notified the Sponsor of its intent to monitor the ratings using its normal surveillance procedures. Each Rating Agency, in its
discretion, may change, qualify or withdraw an assigned rating at any time as to any class of Notes. Any rating action taken by one Rating Agency may not necessarily be taken by the other Rating Agency. No transaction party will be responsible for
monitoring any changes to the ratings on the Notes.
A security rating is not a recommendation to purchase, hold or sell securities and
may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time for any reason. No person or entity will be obligated to provide any additional credit enhancement with respect to the Notes. Any withdrawal of a rating may have an adverse effect on the liquidity
and market price of the Notes.
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
We are not aware of any legal proceeding pending against CarMax Business Services, the Seller, the Trust, the Owner Trustee, the Indenture
Trustee or the Servicer, or against the property of any such transaction party, that is not already described in this prospectus, that is material to this securitization transaction. We are not aware of any such legal proceeding contemplated by any
governmental authority.
SHELF COMPLIANCE STATEMENT
CarMax Funding will have met the registration requirements of General Instruction I.A.1 of Form SF-3 by filing no later than the date of the
filing of the final prospectus, and determining that each of its affiliated depositors and issuing entities have timely filed, or have cured by filing at least 90 days prior to the date hereof:
LEGAL OPINIONS
Certain matters relating to the Notes, including certain United States federal income tax matters, will be passed upon for CarMax Business
Services, the Servicer and the Seller by Mayer Brown LLP, Chicago, Illinois. Certain legal matters relating to the issuance of the Notes will be passed upon for the underwriters by Sidley Austin LLP.
151
Table of Contents
GLOSSARY OF TERMS
Set forth below is a list of the defined terms used in this prospectus.
“
ABS
” means the Absolute Prepayment Model which we use to measure prepayments on receivables and we describe under
“
Maturity and Prepayment Considerations—Hypothetical Decrement Tables and Weighted Average Lives of the Notes
.”
“
ABS Tables
” means the tables captioned “Percent of Initial Note Principal Amount at Various ABS
Percentages.”
“
Account Bank
” means U.S. Bank National Association, a national banking association,
acting not in its individual capacity but solely as securities intermediary under the Account Control Agreement, and its successors in such capacity.
“
Account Control Agreement
” means the Account Control Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2026, among the
Servicer, the Trust, the Indenture Trustee and the Account Bank, as amended or supplemented.
“
Additional Servicing
Fee
” means, with respect to any Collection Period, the excess of the servicing fee of any successor Servicer for such Collection Period over the Servicing Fee for such Collection Period.
“
Administration Agreement
” means the Administration Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2026, among the
Administrator, the Trust and the Indenture Trustee, as amended or supplemented.
“
Administrator
” means
CarMax Business Services, as administrator under the Administration Agreement, and its successors in such capacity.
“
Affected Investors
” has the meaning given to such term in “
Risk Factors—Risks Relating to
Macroeconomic
,
Regulatory and Other External Factors—Requirements for Certain EEA and UK Regulated Investors and Affiliates
”.
“
Available Collections
” means, for any Distribution Date, the sum of the following amounts with respect to the
related Collection Period (subject to the exclusions set forth below such amounts):
provided
,
however
, that Available Collections for any Distribution Date will
exclude all payments and proceeds (including Liquidation Proceeds) received with respect to any Purchased Receivable for the Collection Period during which the related Purchase Amount was deposited by the Seller into the Collection Account, all
payments received on any Receivable to the extent that the Servicer has previously made an unreimbursed Simple Interest Advance with respect to such Receivable and is entitled to reimbursement from such payments, and all payments or other
152
Table of Contents
amounts (including Liquidation Proceeds) received with respect to such Receivable that is retained by the Servicer as reimbursement for Unreimbursed Servicer Advances and unreimbursed Unrelated
Amounts;
provided
,
further
,
however
, that Available Collections for any Distribution Date will exclude any Supplemental Servicing Fees.
“
Available Funds
” means, for any Distribution Date, the sum of Available Collections and the Reserve Account Draw Amount,
in each case, for that Distribution Date.
“
Bankruptcy Code
” means Title 11 of the United States Code, as amended.
“
Benchmark
” means, initially, the SOFR Rate; provided that if the Administrator determines prior to the relevant Reference
Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the SOFR Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then “Benchmark” means the applicable Benchmark Replacement.
“
Benchmark Replacement
” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the
Administrator as of the Benchmark Replacement Date;
(1) the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;
(2) the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or
(3) the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Administrator as the replacement for the
then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate securities at such time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment.
“
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment
” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be
determined by the Administrator as of the Benchmark Replacement Date:
(1) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive
or negative value or zero), or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;
(2) if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment;
or
(3) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the
Administrator giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate securities at such time.
“
Benchmark Replacement Conforming
Changes
” means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding
of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Administrator decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrator
decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrator determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Administrator
determines is reasonably necessary).
153
Table of Contents
“
Benchmark Replacement Date
” means the earliest to occur of the following
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the calculation thereof):
(1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event,” the later of
(a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or
(2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event,” the date of the public
statement or publication of information referenced therein.
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to
the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination.
“
Benchmark Transition Event
” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current
Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the calculation thereof):
(1) a public statement or publication
of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or
(2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or
such component), the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased
or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component);
or
(3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the
Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer representative.
“
Benefit Plan Investor
” means any:
[TABLE:504]
[TABLE:505]
“
Business Day
” means a day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or any day which is a federal holiday or any day on which
banking institutions or trust companies are authorized or obligated by law, regulation or executive order to remain closed.
“
CarMax
” means the direct and indirect operating subsidiaries of CarMax, Inc. and their successors.
“
CarMax Auto
” means CarMax Auto Superstores, Inc., a Virginia corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of CarMax,
Inc., and its successors.
154
Table of Contents
“
CarMax Auto Finance
” means the financing unit of CarMax Business
Services (formerly the financing unit of CarMax Auto).
“
CarMax Business Services
” means CarMax Business
Services, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of CarMax, Inc., and its successors.
“
CarMax Funding
” means CarMax Auto Funding LLC, a Delaware limited liability company of which CarMax Business
Services is the sole member, and its successors.
“
CarMax
,
Inc
.” means CarMax, Inc., a Virginia
corporation, and its successors.
“
Certificate Payment Account
” means the account established and
maintained by the Servicer in the name of the Indenture Trustee pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement for the benefit of the Certificateholders.
“
Certificateholders
” means holders of record of the Certificates.
“
Certificates
” means the certificates, which represent the equity interest in the Issuing Entity.
“
CFPB
” has the meaning given to such term in “
Risk Factor
s
—Federal or state regulatory reform
could have an adverse impact on CarMax Business Services
,
LLC
.”
“
Class A Notes
” means
the Class A-1 Notes, the Class A-2 Notes, the Class A-3 Notes and the Class A-4 Notes.
“
Class
A-1 Notes
” means the $244,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Trust’s Class A-1 % Asset-backed Notes. If the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000, the initial aggregate principal amount
of the Class A-1 Notes will be $317,000,000.
“
Class A-2 Notes
” means, collectively, the
Class A-2a Notes and the Class A-2b Notes.
“
Class A-2a Notes
” means the
$  aggregate principal amount of the Trust’s Class A-2a % Asset-backed Notes.
“
Class
A-2b Notes
” means the $  aggregate principal amount of the Trust’s Class A-2b SOFR Rate + % Asset-backed Notes.
“
Class A-3 Notes
” means the $323,500,000 aggregate principal amount of the Trust’s Class A-3 %
Asset-backed Notes. If the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000, the initial aggregate principal amount of the Class A-3 Notes will be $420,500,000.
“
Class A-4 Notes
” means the $65,280,000 aggregate principal amount of the Trust’s Class A-4 %
Asset-backed Notes. If the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000, the initial aggregate principal amount of the Class A-4 Notes will be $85,160,000.
“
Class B Notes
” means the $20,100,000 aggregate principal amount of the Trust’s Class B %
Asset-backed Notes. If the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000, the initial aggregate principal amount of the Class B Notes will be $26,130,000.
“
Class C Notes
” means the $13,570,000 aggregate principal amount of the Trust’s Class C %
Asset-backed Notes. If the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000, the initial aggregate principal amount of the Class C Notes will be $17,640,000.
“
Class D Notes
” means the $10,050,000 aggregate principal amount of the Trust’s Class D %
Asset-backed Notes. If the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000, the initial aggregate principal amount of the Class D Notes will be $13,070,000.
155
Table of Contents
“
Clearstream
” means Clearstream Banking, a société
anonyme and a professional depository under the laws of Luxembourg.
“
Closing Date
” means the date on
which the Notes are initially issued, which is expected to be January 28, 2026.
“
Collection
Account
” means the trust account established and maintained by the Servicer with the Account Bank in the name of the Indenture Trustee pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement for the benefit of the Noteholders and the
Certificateholders into which the Servicer is required to deposit collections on the Receivables and other amounts.
“
Collection Period
” means, with respect to any Distribution Date, the calendar month preceding the calendar month in
which such Distribution Date occurs, except that the first Collection Period will be the period from but excluding the Cutoff Date to and including January 31, 2026.
“
Consumer Financial Laws
” has the meaning given to such term in “
Risk Factors—Federal or state
regulatory reform could have an adverse impact on CarMax Business Services
,
LLC
.”
“Contract Rate”
means the per annum interest borne by a Receivable.
“
Controlling Class
” means the Class A Notes
as long as any Class A Notes are outstanding, thereafter the Class B Notes as long as any Class B Notes are outstanding, thereafter the Class C Notes as long as any Class C Notes are outstanding and thereafter the Class D Notes.
“
Corresponding Tenor
” means, with respect to a Benchmark Replacement, a tenor (including overnight) having
approximately the same length (disregarding any business day adjustment) as the applicable tenor for the then-current Benchmark.
“
Cutoff Date
” means the close of business on December 31, 2025.
“
Defaulted Receivable
” means a Receivable as to which:
[TABLE:507]
provided
,
however
, that a Receivable will not be classified as a Defaulted Receivable until the last day of the
Collection Period during which one of the foregoing events first occurs; and, provided further, that a Receivable purchased from the Trust by CarMax Business Services or the Seller will not be deemed to be a Defaulted Receivable.
“
Definitive Notes
” means Notes issued in fully registered, certificated form to Noteholders or their respective
nominees, rather than to DTC or its nominee.
“
Delinquent Receivable
” has the meaning given to such term
in “
The Asset Representations Review Agreement—Delinquency Trigger
.”
“
Delinquency
Trigger
” means 6.54%.
156
Table of Contents
“
Depository
” means DTC and any successor depository.
“
Determination Date
” means the ninth day of each month or, if the ninth day is not a Business Day, the following
Business Day, commencing in February, 2026.
“
Distribution Date
” means the date on which the Trust will
pay interest and principal on the Notes, which will be the 15
th
day of each month or, if any such day is not a Business Day, the next Business Day, commencing February 17, 2026.
“
Dodd-Frank Act
” means the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Pub. L. 111-203, H.R.
4173).
“DTC”
means The Depository Trust Company and any successor depository.
“
Eligible Deposit Account
” means a segregated account with an Eligible Institution.
“
Eligible Institution
” means:
provided, however, that, in each case, (A) the depository institution described in either case above must have a long-term issuer credit
rating of at least “BBB” by S&P Global Ratings and (B) either (1) the commercial paper, short-term debt obligations or other short-term deposits of the depository institution described in either case above must be rated at
least “F1” by Fitch or (2) the long-term unsecured debt obligations of the depository institution described in either case above must be rated at least “A” by Fitch.
“
ERISA
” means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.
“
EU Affected Investors
” has the meaning given to such term in “
Risk Factors—Risks Relating to
Macroeconomic
,
Regulatory and Other External Factors—Requirements for Certain EEA and UK Regulated Investors and Affiliates
”.
“
EU Due Diligence Requirements
” has the meaning given to such term in “
Risk Factors—Risks Relating to
Macroeconomic
,
Regulatory and Other External Factors—Requirements for Certain EEA and UK Regulated Investors and Affiliates
”.
“
EU Securitization Regulation
” has the meaning given to such term in “
Risk Factors—Risks Relating to
Macroeconomic
,
Regulatory and Other External Factors—Requirements for Certain EEA and UK Regulated Investors and Affiliates
”.
“
Event of Default
” means an event of default under the Indenture, as described under “
The
Indenture—Events of Default
” in this prospectus.
“
Event of Servicing Termination
” means
an event of servicing termination under the Sale and Servicing Agreement, as described under “
The Sale and Servicing Agreement—Events of Servicing Termination
” in this prospectus.
“
Exchange Act
” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
157
Table of Contents
“
FDIC
” means the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.
“
Final Sampled Receivables
” has the meaning given to such term in “
The Receivables—Seller
Review of the Pool of Receivables
”.
“
Final Scheduled Distribution Date
” means, for each class
of Notes, the related date set forth on the cover page of this prospectus.
“
Financed Vehicle
” means a
new or used motor vehicle financed by a Receivable.
“
Fiscal Year
” means the fiscal year of CarMax, which
period is the 12-month period ending on the last day in February in each year.
“Foreign Person”
means a
nonresident alien, foreign corporation or other non-United States Person.
“
Indenture
” means the
Indenture, dated as of January 1, 2026, between the Trust and the Indenture Trustee, as amended or supplemented.
“
Indenture Trustee
” means U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, a national banking association, acting not
in its individual capacity but solely as indenture trustee under the Indenture, and its successors in such capacity.
“Interest Carryover Shortfall Amount”
means for any Distribution Date and any class of Notes, the sum of (i) all
accrued but unpaid Interest Distributable Amount for previous Distribution Dates for such class
plus
(ii) to the extent permitted by law, interest on such accrued but unpaid Interest Distributable Amount at the Interest Rate applicable
to such class.
“
Interest Distributable Amount
” means, with respect to any Distribution Date and a class
or tranche of Notes, the sum of the Monthly Interest Distributable Amount and the Interest Carryover Shortfall Amount for that class or tranche of Notes for that Distribution Date.
“
Interest Period
” means:
[TABLE:512]
[TABLE:513]
“
Interest Rate
” means, with respect to any class or tranche of Notes, the interest rate for that class or tranche of
Notes set forth on the cover page of this prospectus.
“
Internal Revenue Code
” means the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended.
“
IRS
” means the Internal Revenue Service.
“
ISDA Definitions
” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association,
Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time.
“
ISDA Fallback Adjustment
” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that
would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark.
158
Table of Contents
“
ISDA Fallback Rate
” shall mean the rate that would apply for
derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment.
“
Issuing Entity
” or “
Trust
” means CarMax Auto Owner Trust 2026-1, and its successors.
“
Liquidation Proceeds
” means all amounts received by the Servicer, from whatever source, with respect to any
Defaulted Receivable, net of the sum of expenses deducted by the Servicer in connection with collection of such Receivable and the repossession and disposition of the related Financed Vehicle (to the extent determinable by the Servicer and not
previously reimbursed to the Servicer) plus any payments required by law to be remitted to the obligor.
“
Monthly
Interest Distributable Amount
” means, with respect to any Distribution Date and any class or tranche of Notes, the interest due on that class or tranche of Notes for the related Interest Period calculated based on (i) the Interest
Rate for that class or tranche of Notes and that Interest Period and (ii) the principal amount of that class or tranche of Notes on the preceding Distribution Date, after giving effect to all payments of principal to holders of that class or
tranche of Notes on or prior to that Distribution Date, or, in the case of the first Distribution Date, on the original principal amount of that class or tranche of Notes.
“
Note Balance
” means, at any time, the aggregate principal amount of all Notes Outstanding at such time.
“
Note Payment Account
” means the trust account established and maintained by the Servicer with the Account Bank in
the name of the Indenture Trustee pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement for the benefit of the Noteholders.
“
Note Registrar
” means the registrar for the purpose of registering Notes and transfers of Notes as provided in the
Indenture, initially the Indenture Trustee.
“
Noteholders
” means holders of record of the Notes.
“
Notes
” means the Class A-1 Notes, the Class A-2 Notes, the Class A-3 Notes, the
Class A-4 Notes, the Class B Notes, the Class C Notes and the Class D Notes.
“
NRSRO
”
means nationally recognized statistical rating organization.
“
OID
” has the meaning given to such term in
“
Material Federal Income Tax Consequences–Tax Consequences to Holders of the Notes–Original Issue Discount (
“
OID
”
)
,
etc.
”
“
OLA
” means the Orderly Liquidation Authority.
“
Optional Purchase Right
” means the Servicer’s right to purchase all outstanding Receivables from the Trust on
any Distribution Date following the last day of a Collection Period as of which the Pool Balance is equal to or less than 10% of the Pool Balance as of the Cutoff Date.
“
Outstanding
” means, as of the date of determination, all Notes authenticated and delivered under the Indenture
except:
159
Table of Contents
“
Overcollateralization Target Amount
” means, with respect to any
Distribution Date, an amount equal to 0.50% of the Pool Balance as of the Cutoff Date.
“
Owner Trustee
” means
Wilmington Trust, National Association, a national banking association, acting not in its individual capacity but solely as owner trustee under the Trust Agreement, and its successors in such capacity.
“
Paying Agent
” means the Indenture Trustee or any other person eligible under the Indenture.
“
Permitted Investments
” means:
Permitted Investments are generally limited to obligations or securities that mature on or before the Business Day preceding the Distribution Date in the
Collection Period following the Collection Period in which the investment is made. Each of the Permitted Investments may be purchased by the Indenture Trustee or through an Affiliate of the Indenture Trustee.
“
Pool Balance
” means, as of any date, the aggregate Principal Balance of the Receivables as of that date.
“
Plan Asset Regulation
” means a regulation, 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101, issued by the Department of
Labor, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA.
“
Principal Balance
” means, as of any time, for any
Receivable, the outstanding principal balance of such Receivable determined in accordance with the Servicer’s customary servicing practices;
provided
,
however
, that the Principal Balance of a Defaulted Receivable will be zero as
of the last day of the Collection Period during which it
160
Table of Contents
became a Defaulted Receivable and the Principal Balance of a Purchased Receivable will be zero as of the last day of the Collection Period during which it became a Purchased
Receivable.
“
Priority Principal Distributable Amount
” means, with respect to any Distribution Date, the
excess, if any, of the principal amount of the Class A Notes on that Distribution Date (before giving effect to any payments made to holders of the Notes on that Distribution Date) over the Pool Balance as of the last day of the related
Collection Period; provided, however, that, on and after the Final Scheduled Distribution Date for any class of Class A Notes, the Priority Principal Distributable Amount will not be less than the amount that is necessary to reduce the
outstanding amount of that class of Class A Notes to zero.
“
Purchase Amount
” means the price at
which the Seller or the Servicer must purchase a Receivable, which price equals the Principal Balance plus interest accrued thereon at the Contract Rate specified in the Receivable to the last day of the Collection Period related to the Distribution
Date on which such repurchase occurs.
“
Purchased Receivable
” means a Receivable repurchased from the
Trust by the Seller or the Servicer because of a breach of a representation, warranty or servicing covenant under the Sale and Servicing Agreement.
“
Quaternary Principal Distributable Amount
” means, with respect to any Distribution Date, (i) the excess, if
any, of the sum of the principal amount of the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes, the Class C Notes and the Class D Notes on that Distribution Date (before giving effect to any payments made to the holders of the Notes on that Distribution Date)
over the Pool Balance as of the last day of the related Collection Period minus (ii) the sum of the Priority Principal Distributable Amount, the Secondary Principal Distributable Amount and the Tertiary Principal Distributable Amount, in each
case for that Distribution Date; provided, however, that, on and after the Final Scheduled Distribution Date for the Class D Notes, the Quaternary Principal Distributable Amount will not be less than the amount that is necessary to reduce the
outstanding amount of the Class D Notes to zero.
“
Rating Agency
” means each of the two nationally
recognized statistical rating organizations hired by the sponsor to assign ratings to the Notes.
“
Rating Agency
Condition
” means, with respect to any action, a condition that is satisfied if the person requesting such action (i) delivers a letter from each Rating Agency to the depositor, the Seller, the Servicer, the Indenture Trustee and the
Owner Trustee to the effect that such action will not result in a reduction or withdrawal of the then-current rating assigned by such Rating Agency to any class of Notes or (ii) provides ten (10) Business Days’ prior written notice
of such action to each Rating Agency (or such shorter period as such Rating Agency may agree) and such Rating Agency has not notified the depositor, the Seller, the Servicer, the Indenture Trustee and the Owner Trustee in writing that such action
will result in a reduction or withdrawal of the then-current rating assigned by such Rating Agency to any class of Notes.
“
Receivables
” means the motor vehicle retail installment sale contracts transferred by the Seller to the Trust.
“
Receivables Purchase Agreement
” means the Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 1,
2026, between CarMax Business Services and the Seller, as amended or supplemented.
“
Record Date
” means,
with respect to any Distribution Date, the Business Day preceding that Distribution Date or, if the related Notes are issued as definitive securities, the last Business Day of the preceding month.
“
Regular Principal Distributable Amount
” means, with respect to any Distribution Date, an amount equal to the lesser of
(i) the aggregate principal amount of the Notes on that Distribution Date (before giving effect to any payments made to holders of the Notes on that Distribution Date) and (ii) an amount equal to:
161
Table of Contents
“
Regulation RR
” means 17 C.F.R. Part 246.
“
Relevant Governmental Body
” shall mean the Federal Reserve Board and/or the FRBNY, or a committee officially
endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the FRBNY or any successor thereto.
“
Required Payment
Amount
” means, for any Distribution Date, the aggregate amount to be applied on that Distribution Date in accordance with clauses (1) through (10) under “
Application of Available Funds—Priority of Distributions
(Pre-Acceleration)
”.
“
Required Reserve Account Amount
” means, for any Distribution Date, an
amount equal to at least $2,512,564.68, if the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,000,000,000 or at least $3,266,333.41, if the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000; provided, however, that the
Required Reserve Account Amount will be zero if the Pool Balance as of the last day of the related Collection Period is zero.
“
Reserve Account
” means the trust account established and maintained by the Servicer with the Account Bank in the
name of and on behalf of the Trust pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement into which the Reserve Account Initial Deposit will be deposited and with respect to which the Indenture Trustee will make the other deposits and withdrawals specified
in this prospectus.
“
Reserve Account Amount
” means, for any Distribution Date, the amount on deposit in
and available for withdrawal from the Reserve Account after giving effect to all deposits to and withdrawals from the Reserve Account on the preceding Distribution Date (or in the case of the first Distribution Date, the Closing Date), including net
investment earnings earned on amounts on deposit therein during the related Collection Period.
“Reserve Account Draw
Amount”
means, for any Distribution Date, the lesser of:
provided
,
that
, the Reserve Account Draw Amount will be reduced by any amounts owing to CarMax Business Services or any affiliate
of CarMax Business Services to the extent such person is the Servicer;
provided
, however, that, if on the last day of the related Collection Period the Pool Balance is zero, the Reserve Account Draw Amount for that Distribution Date will
equal the Reserve Account Amount for that Distribution Date.
“
Reserve Account Initial Deposit
” means an amount
equal to at least $2,512,564.68, if the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,000,000,000 and at least $3,266,333.41, if the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000.
“
Sale and Servicing Agreement
” means the Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2026, among the
Trust, the Seller and the Servicer, as amended or supplemented.
“
SEC
” means the Securities and Exchange
Commission and its successors.
“
Secondary Principal Distributable Amount
” means, with respect to any
Distribution Date, (i) the excess, if any, of the sum of the principal amount of the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes on that Distribution Date (before giving effect to any payments made to holders of the Notes on that Distribution
Date) over the Pool Balance as of the last day of the related Collection Period minus (ii) the Priority Principal Distributable Amount for that Distribution Date; provided, however, that, on and after the Final Scheduled Distribution Date for
the Class B Notes, the Secondary Principal Distributable Amount will not be less than the amount that is necessary to reduce the outstanding amount of the Class B Notes to zero.
162
Table of Contents
“
Securities Act
” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
“
Seller
” means CarMax Funding.
“
Servicer
” means CarMax Business Services, acting in its capacity as servicer of the Receivables under the Sale and
Servicing Agreement, and its successors in such capacity.
“
Servicing Fee
” means a fee payable to the
Servicer on each Distribution Date for the related Collection Period for servicing the Receivables which is equal to the product of
1
/
12
of
1.00% and the Pool Balance as of the first day of that Collection Period (or as of the Cutoff Date in the case of the first Distribution Date).
“
Short-Term Note
” means a Note that has a fixed maturity date of not more than one year from the issue date of such
Note.
“
Similar Law
” has the meaning given to such term in “
Material Considerations for ERISA
and Other U.S. Employee Benefit Plan Investors.
”
“
Simple Interest Advance
” means, with respect
to a Receivable payment of which, as of the last day of the related Collection Period, was due but unpaid, an amount equal to the amount of interest that would have been paid during the related Collection Period at its Contract Rate, assuming that
such Receivable is paid on its due date, minus the amount of interest actually received on such Receivable during the related Collection Period.
“
Simple Interest Receivable
” means a Receivable that provides for the amortization of the amount financed under such
Receivable over a series of fixed level payment monthly installments.
“
SR 2024
” has the meaning given to
such term in “
Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Macroeconomic
,
Regulatory and Other External Factors—Requirements for Certain EEA and UK Regulated Investors and Affiliates
”.
“
Supplemental Servicing Fees
” means any late, prepayment and other administrative fees and expenses collected during a
Collection Period.
“
Tertiary Principal Distributable Amount
” means, with respect to any Distribution Date,
(i) the excess, if any, of the sum of the principal amount of the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes on that Distribution Date (before giving effect to any payments made to the holders of the Notes on that Distribution
Date) over the Pool Balance as of the last day of the related Collection Period minus (ii) the sum of the Priority Principal Distributable Amount and the Secondary Principal Distributable Amount, in each case for that Distribution Date;
provided, however, that, on and after the Final Scheduled Distribution Date for the Class C Notes, the Tertiary Principal Distributable Amount will not be less than the amount that is necessary to reduce the outstanding amount of the Class C Notes
to zero.
“
Trust Accounts
” means the Collection Account, the Note Payment Account, the Certificate
Payment Account and the Reserve Account.
“
Trust Agreement
” means the Amended and Restated Trust
Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2026, between the Seller and the Owner Trustee, as amended or supplemented.
“
UCC
” means the Uniform Commercial Code in effect in the applicable jurisdiction.
“
UK Affected Investors
” has the meaning given to such term in “
Risk Factors—Risks Relating to
Macroeconomic
,
Regulatory and Other External Factors—Requirements for Certain EEA and UK Regulated Investors and Affiliates
”.
“
UK Due Diligence Requirements
” has the meaning given to such term in “
Risk Factors—Risks Relating to
Macroeconomic
,
Regulatory and Other External Factors—Requirements for Certain EEA and UK Regulated Investors and Affiliates
”.
163
Table of Contents
“
UK Securitization Framework
” has the meaning given to such term
in “
Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Macroeconomic
,
Regulatory and Other External Factors—Requirements for Certain EEA and UK Regulated Investors and Affiliates
”.
“
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement
” shall mean means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment.
“
United States Person
” generally means a person that is for United States federal income tax
purposes a citizen or resident of the United States, a corporation or partnership (including an entity treated as a corporation or partnership for United States federal income tax purposes) created or organized in or under the laws of the United
States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia, an estate whose income is subject to the United States federal income tax regardless of its source or the Trust if:
“
Unreimbursed Servicer Advance
” means a Simple Interest Advance which the Servicer
determines in its sole discretion is nonrecoverable.
“
Unrelated Amounts
” means (a) amounts deposited by
the Servicer into the Collection Account but later determined by the Servicer to be mistaken or returned deposits or postings, (b) amounts deposited by the Servicer into the Collection Account as Available Collections but which were later
determined by the Servicer to not constitute Available Collections with respect to the Receivables and (c) amounts received by the Servicer with respect to a Receivable that the Servicer is prohibited from depositing into the Collection Account
or otherwise remitting to the issuing entity by law or court order, the direction of a regulatory authority or regulatory guidance.
“
U.S. Bank N.A.
” has the meaning given to such term in “
The Transaction Parties—The Indenture
Trustee
.”
“
U.S. Bank Trust Co.
” has the meaning given to such term in “
The
Transaction Parties—The Indenture Trustee
.”
“
WTNA
” has the meaning given to such term in
“
The Transaction Parties—The Owner Trustee
.”
164
Table of Contents
Annex I
STATIC POOL INFORMATION
This Annex I sets forth in tabular format static pool information about prior pools of receivables from CarMax Business Services’ core
portfolio of motor vehicle retail installment sale contracts with FICO
®
scores at origination greater than or equal to 650 that were securitized by CarMax Business Services under the CAOT
platform during the last five years. The information in this Annex consists of (a) summary information about the original characteristics of such receivables in the prior securitized pools and (b) delinquency data, cumulative net losses
and prepayments of such receivables in the prior securitized pools, as well as a graphical presentation of these items. The methodologies used in calculating the delinquency, cumulative net loss, and prepayment information contained in this Annex
are detailed below each respective table. In October 2021, the Servicer made certain changes to its treatment of partial payments, as described under
“Servicing and Collection Procedures
—
General”
. Prior to these
changes, a receivable was considered delinquent if a partial payment was received that was less than the regular monthly payment by more than $50 and that deficiency was not cured on or before the related due date. After implementing the October
2021 changes, a receivable will be considered delinquent if an obligor fails to pay at least 90% of the scheduled payment. For the delinquency data presented below, the period of delinquency is based on the number of days payments are contractually
past due and was determined based on the Servicer’s servicing practices related to partial payments as in effect at the time the obligor made the scheduled payment.
The characteristics of receivables included in the static pool data below, as well as the social, economic and other conditions existing at
the time when those receivables were originated and repaid, may vary materially from the characteristics of the Receivables in the transaction described in the prospectus and the social, economic and other conditions existing at the time when these
Receivables were originated and those that will exist in the future when they are required to be repaid. Losses, prepayments and delinquencies for the pool of Receivables in the transaction described in the prospectus may differ from the information
shown below for prior securitized pools.
The prior securitized pools shown in the static pool annex do not include receivables with
original terms greater than 72 months. However, the pool of Receivables described in this prospectus will include Receivables with original terms greater than 72 months. Consequently, the delinquency, cumulative credit losses and prepayment data for
such prior securitized pools may not reflect actual experience with respect to the Receivables in the Receivables pool described in this prospectus.
As described under the heading “
The CarMax Business—Underwriting Procedures
” in the prospectus, CarMax Business
Services regularly evaluates and updates its underwriting procedures over time. All receivables included in the static pool data (including the Receivables in the transaction described in the prospectus) were originated in CarMax Business Services
core portfolio. Certain characteristics of receivables included in the static pool data below, including average principal balance, weighted average original term, and the geographic distribution, may reflect changes in CarMax’s retail
business over time, including differing inventory mix, customer behavior changes, and new store locations. Contract rates are determined in accordance with CarMax Business Services’ risk-based pricing strategy and may reflect differing market
conditions, including interest rates and competitive offers from other financing providers, when the related receivables were originated. Certain of the prior securitized pools include a portion of seasoned receivables. The characteristics of the
prior securitized pools described below reflect the underwriting procedures, automotive retail environment, and market conditions when the related receivables were originated.
A-I-1
Table of Contents
Pool Summaries
CarMax Auto Owner Trusts
A-I-2
Table of Contents
A-I-3
Table of Contents
A-I-4
Table of Contents
A-I-5
Table of Contents
FICO Ranges
(1)
CarMax Auto Owner Trusts
[TABLE:536]
[TABLE:539]
A-I-6
Table of Contents
DELINQUENCIES
(1)
CarMax Auto Owner Trust
A-I-7
Table of Contents
A-I-8
Table of Contents
A-I-9
Table of Contents
A-I-10
Table of Contents
A-I-11
Table of Contents
The graphs below show certain delinquency information as a percentage of end of month pool
balance for specified pools of motor vehicle retail installment sale contracts securitized by CarMax Business Services during the last five years.
A-I-12
Table of Contents
A-I-13
Table of Contents
A-I-14
Table of Contents
A-I-15
Table of Contents
CUMULATIVE STATIC NET LOSSES
(1)
CarMax Auto Owner Trusts
A-I-16
Table of Contents
A-I-17
Table of Contents
The graph below shows cumulative net loss information as a percentage of initial pool
balance for specified pools of motor vehicle retail installment sale contracts securitized by CarMax Business Services during the last five years.
A-I-18
Table of Contents
ABS SPEEDS
(1)
CarMax Auto Owner Trusts
A-I-19
Table of Contents
A-I-20
Table of Contents
The graph below shows ABS Speed information as a percentage of beginning of month pool
balance less any scheduled payments for specified pools of motor vehicle retail installment sale contracts securitized by CarMax Business Services during the last five years.
A-I-21
Table of Contents
CarMax Auto Owner Trust 2026-1
CarMax Business Services, LLC
Sponsor and Servicer
CarMax Auto Funding LLC
Depositor and Seller
CarMax Auto Owner
Trust 2026-1 will issue asset-backed notes with an aggregate initial principal amount of $1,000,000,000 or $1,300,000,000. If the aggregate initial principal amount of the notes is $1,000,000,000, the following notes will be offered:
[TABLE:552]
If the aggregate initial principal amount of the notes is $1,300,000,000, the following notes will be offered:
[TABLE:553]
PROSPECTUS
You should rely only on the information contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus. CarMax Auto Funding LLC has not authorized
anyone to provide you with additional or different information. CarMax Auto Funding LLC is not offering the notes in any state in which the offer is not permitted.
Dealers will deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters of the notes and with respect to their unsold allotments or subscriptions. If
requested, all dealers selling the notes will deliver a prospectus until 90 days after the date of this prospectus.
Joint Bookrunners of the Class A, B, C and D Notes
Co-Managers of the Class A Notes
January  , 2026