Filed
Pursuant to Rule 424(h)
Registration Statement Nos. 333-258040 and 333-258040-10
This prospectus is not complete and may
be changed. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and we are not seeking an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction
where the offer or sale is not permitted.
SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED SEPTEMBER
12, 2024
$1,289,480,000 or $1,547,370,000
(1)
Ford Credit Auto
Owner Trust 2024-C
Issuing Entity
or Trust
(CIK: 0002033921)
Before you purchase any notes, be sure you understand the structure
and the risks. You should read carefully the risk factors beginning on page 19.
The notes will be obligations of the issuing entity only and will not
be obligations of or interests in the sponsor, the depositor or any of their affiliates.
The trust will issue notes with an aggregate initial principal
amount of $1,315,790,000 or $1,578,940,000
(1)
. If the aggregate initial principal balance of the notes is $1,315,790,000
(2)
,
the following classes of notes will be issued:
[TABLE:1]
The pricing terms of the offered notes
are:
[TABLE:4]
Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities
commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined that this prospectus is accurate or complete. Any representation
to the contrary is a criminal offense.
___________________________
The date of this prospectus
is September
●
, 2024
TABLE OF CONTENTS
[TOC_TABLE:8]
2
Reading
this Prospectus
This prospectus contains information about Ford
Credit Auto Owner Trust 2024-C and the terms of the notes to be issued by the trust. You should only rely on information in or referenced
in this prospectus and any information incorporated by reference into the registration statement for this securitization transaction filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or "SEC," that includes this prospectus. Ford Credit has not authorized anyone
to provide you with different information.
This prospectus
starts
with the following brief introductory sections:
The other sections of this prospectus contain more
details about the notes and the structure of this securitization transaction. Cross-references refer you to more details about a particular
topic or related information elsewhere in this prospectus. The Table of Contents contains references to key topics.
An index of
defined
terms is at the end of this prospectus.
Forward-Looking
Statements
Any projections,
expectations and estimates in this prospectus are not historical in nature but are forward-looking statements based on information and
assumptions Ford Credit and the depositor consider
reasonable. Forward-looking statements are about circumstances and events that
have not yet taken place, so they are uncertain and may vary materially from actual events. Neither Ford Credit nor the depositor is obligated
to update or revise any forward-looking statements, including changes in economic conditions, portfolio or asset pool performance or other
circumstances or developments, after the date of this prospectus.
Notice
to Investors in the United Kingdom
THIS PROSPECTUS IS NOT A PROSPECTUS
FOR THE PURPOSE OF REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 (AS AMENDED),
as it forms part of THE domestic law
OF THE UNITED KINGDOM
("UK")
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act
2018 (
AS AMENDED
, the
"EUWA"
)
(
AS AMENDED
, THE "UK PROSPECTUS REGULATION").
THIS PROSPECTUS HAS BEEN
PREPARED ON THE BASIS THAT ANY OFFER OF NOTES IN THE UK WILL BE MADE ONLY TO A QUALIFIED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN ARTICLE 2 OF THE
UK PROSPECTUS REGULATION (
"UK QUALIFIED INVESTOR"
). ACCORDINGLY, ANY PERSON MAKING
OR INTENDING TO MAKE AN OFFER IN THE UK OF NOTES WHICH ARE THE SUBJECT OF THE OFFERING CONTEMPLATED IN THIS PROSPECTUS MAY ONLY DO
SO WITH RESPECT TO UK QUALIFIED INVESTORS. NONE OF THE TRUST, THE DEPOSITOR NOR ANY UNDERWRITER HAS AUTHORIZED, NOR DO THEY AUTHORIZE,
THE MAKING OF ANY OFFER OF NOTES IN THE UK OTHER THAN TO UK QUALIFIED INVESTORS.
The
Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available
to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client,
as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of COMMISSION DELEGATED Regulation (EU) No 2017/565, as it forms part of UK domestic law
by virtue of the eUWA or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the UNITED KINGDOM FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS
ACT 2000 (AS AMENDED, THE
"FSMA"
) and any rules or regulations made under
the FSMA to implement
DIRECTIVE (EU) 2016/97 (AS AMENDED, KNOWN AS THE "INSURANCE
3
DISTRIBUTION DIRECTIVE")
,
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU)
No 600/2014, as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA or (iii) not a uk qualified investor.
Consequently
no key information document required by
REGULATION (EU) NO 1286/2014 (AS AMENDED)
, as it
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (AS AMENDED, the
"UK PRIIPS REGULATION"
)
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
THIS PROSPECTUS IS
DIRECTED IN THE UK ONLY AT PERSONS WHO (I) ARE AUTHORIZED TO CARRY ON A REGULATED ACTIVITY UNDER FSMA, (II) HAVE PROFESSIONAL
EXPERIENCE IN MATTERS RELATING TO INVESTMENTS AND WHO QUALIFY AS INVESTMENT PROFESSIONALS UNDER ARTICLE 19(5) OF THE UNITED
KINGDOM FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 (FINANCIAL PROMOTION) ORDER 2005 (THE "FPO"), (III) ARE HIGH NET WORTH
COMPANIES, UNINCORPORATED ASSOCIATIONS, PARTNERSHIPS OR TRUSTEES UNDER ARTICLE 49(2) OF THE FPO OR (IV) ARE PERSONS TO
WHOM THIS PROSPECTUS MAY OTHERWISE LAWFULLY BE DIRECTED (TOGETHER, "RELEVANT PERSONS"). IN THE UK, THIS PROSPECTUS MUST
NOT BE ACTED ON OR RELIED ON BY PERSONS WHO ARE NOT RELEVANT PERSONS AND ONLY RELEVANT PERSONS MAY INVEST IN THE NOTES. IN THE UK,
ANY INVESTMENT ACTIVITY RELATING TO THIS PROSPECTUS OR THE NOTES WILL BE ENGAGED IN ONLY WITH RELEVANT PERSONS. THE COMMUNICATION OF THIS
PROSPECTUS TO ANY PERSON IN THE UK OTHER THAN A RELEVANT PERSON IS UNAUTHORIZED AND MAY CONTRAVENE FSMA
.
POTENTIAL INVESTORS IN THE
UK ARE ADVISED THAT ALL, OR MOST, OF THE PROTECTIONS AFFORDED BY THE UK REGULATORY SYSTEM WILL NOT APPLY TO AN INVESTMENT IN THE NOTES
AND THAT COMPENSATION WILL NOT BE AVAILABLE UNDER THE UK FINANCIAL SERVICES COMPENSATION SCHEME.
Notice
to Investors in the European Economic Area
THIS PROSPECTUS IS NOT A PROSPECTUS FOR THE PURPOSE
OF REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 (AS AMENDED, THE "PROSPECTUS REGULATION"). THIS PROSPECTUS HAS BEEN PREPARED ON THE BASIS THAT
ANY OFFERS OF THE NOTES IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA ("EEA") WILL ONLY BE MADE TO A PERSON OR LEGAL ENTITY THAT IS A QUALIFIED
INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN ARTICLE 2 OF THE PROSPECTUS REGULATION ("QUALIFIED INVESTOR"). ACCORDINGLY, ANY PERSON MAKING OR
INTENDING TO MAKE AN OFFER IN THE EEA OF THE NOTES DESCRIBED IN THIS PROSPECTUS MAY ONLY DO SO WITH RESPECT TO QUALIFIED INVESTORS.
NONE OF THE TRUST, THE DEPOSITOR NOR ANY UNDERWRITER HAS AUTHORIZED, NOR DO THEY AUTHORIZE, THE OFFERING OF THE NOTES IN THE EEA OTHER
THAN TO ONE OR MORE QUALIFIED INVESTORS.
THE NOTES ARE NOT INTENDED TO BE OFFERED, SOLD
OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO AND SHOULD NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE EEA. FOR THESE
PURPOSES, A RETAIL INVESTOR MEANS A PERSON WHO IS ONE (OR MORE) OF: (I) A RETAIL CLIENT AS DEFINED IN POINT (11) OF ARTICLE 4(1) OF
DIRECTIVE 2014/65/EU (AS AMENDED, "MIFID II"); (II) A CUSTOMER WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INSURANCE DISTRIBUTION DIRECTIVE
WHERE THAT CUSTOMER WOULD NOT QUALIFY AS A PROFESSIONAL CLIENT AS DEFINED IN POINT (10) OF ARTICLE 4(1) OF MIFID II; OR
(III) NOT A QUALIFIED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN THE PROSPECTUS REGULATION.
CONSEQUENTLY NO KEY
INFORMATION DOCUMENT REQUIRED BY REGULATION (EU) NO 1286/2014 (AS AMENDED, THE "PRIIPS REGULATION") FOR OFFERING OR SELLING
THE NOTES OR OTHERWISE MAKING THEM AVAILABLE TO RETAIL INVESTORS IN THE EEA HAS BEEN PREPARED AND THEREFORE OFFERING OR SELLING THE NOTES
OR OTHERWISE MAKING THEM AVAILABLE TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE EEA MAY BE UNLAWFUL UNDER THE PRIIPS REGULATION
.
4
Transaction
Structure Diagram
This diagram is a simplified overview of the
structure of this securitization transaction and the credit enhancement available for the notes. You should read this prospectus completely
for more details about this securitization transaction.
5
Transaction
Credit Enhancement Diagram
This diagram is a simplified overview of the
credit enhancement available for the notes on the closing date and how credit enhancement is used to offset losses on the receivables.
You should read this prospectus completely, including "Credit Enhancement," for more details about the credit enhancement available
for the notes.
6
Transaction
Payments Diagram
This diagram shows how available funds are paid
on each payment date. The priority of payments shown in this diagram will apply unless the notes are accelerated after an event of default
under the Indenture. You should read this prospectus completely, including "Description of the Notes — Priority of Payments"
and "Description of the Notes — Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments," for more details about the priority of payments
for the notes.
7
Transaction
Parties and Documents Diagram
This diagram shows the role of each transaction
party and each transaction document in this securitization transaction. You should read this prospectus completely, including "Transaction
Parties," "Receivables," "Description of the Notes" and "Servicing," for more details about the roles
of each transaction party and each transaction document in this securitization transaction.
8
Summary
This summary describes the
main terms of the issuance of and payments on the notes, the assets of the trust, the cash flows in this securitization transaction and
the credit enhancement available for the notes. It does not contain all of the information that you should consider in making your decision
to purchase any notes. To understand fully the terms of the notes and the transaction structure, you should read this prospectus completely,
especially "Risk Factors" starting on page 19.
Transaction Overview
The depositor will use the proceeds from the sale of the notes to purchase
from Ford Credit a pool of retail installment sale contracts, or receivables, which were purchased by Ford Credit from motor vehicle dealers.
The trust will issue the notes to the depositor in exchange for the receivables on the closing date. The depositor will sell the offered
notes to the underwriters, who will offer and sell the offered notes to investors.
Transaction Parties
Sponsor, Servicer and Administrator of the Trust
Ford Motor Credit Company LLC, or "Ford Credit," is a Delaware
limited liability company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ford Motor Company, or "Ford."
Depositor
Ford Credit Auto Receivables Two LLC, or the "depositor,"
is a Delaware limited liability company and a special-purpose company wholly owned by Ford Credit.
Issuing Entity or Trust
Ford Credit Auto Owner Trust 2024-C, or the "trust," is a
Delaware statutory trust established under a trust agreement between the depositor and the owner trustee.
Owner Trustee
U.S. Bank Trust National Association
Indenture Trustee
The Bank of New York Mellon
Asset Representations Reviewer
Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC
For more information about the transaction parties and their roles
in this securitization transaction, you should read "Sponsor and Servicer" and "Transaction Parties."
Closing Date
The trust expects to issue the notes on or about September 20,
2024, or the "closing date."
Cutoff Date
The trust will purchase the receivables
as of September 1, 2024, or
the "cutoff date." The initial pool balance of the receivables will be the aggregate
principal balance of the receivables as of the cutoff date. The trust will be entitled to collections on the receivables applied on or
after the cutoff date.
Notes
The trust will issue the following notes if the aggregate initial principal
amount of notes to be issued is $1,315,790,000
(1)
:
[TABLE:16]
9
The sponsor will make the determination regarding the initial principal
amount of each class of notes on or before the day of pricing.
For more details about the determination of the initial principal amount
of the notes, you should read "Risk Factors — The initial principal amount of the notes is unknown."
The Class A-1, Class A-2a, Class A-2b,
Class A-3 and Class A-4 notes are collectively referred to as the "Class A notes." The Class A notes and
the Class B notes are being offered by this prospectus and are also referred to as the "offered notes" and, together with
the
Class C notes, the "notes."
The Class A-2b notes are sometimes referred to as the "floating
rate notes." The Class A-2a and Class A-2b notes are together referred to as the "Class A-2 notes" and are
a single class with equal rights to interest and principal payments.
The depositor may retain some or all of one or more classes of notes
and will initially retain the Class C notes and the residual interest in the trust.
Form and Minimum Denomination
The notes will be issued in book-entry form. The offered notes will
be available in minimum denominations of $1,000 and in integral multiples of $1,000.
Payment Dates; Interest Accrual
The trust will pay interest on and principal of the notes on "payment
dates," which will be the 15th day of each month (or, if not a business day, the next business day). The first payment date will
be October 15, 2024.
The notes, except the Class A-1 notes and the floating rate notes,
will accrue interest on a "30/360" basis from the 15th day of the prior month to the 15th day of the current month (or from
the closing date to October 15, 2024, for the first period).
The Class A-1 notes and the floating rate notes will accrue interest
on an "actual/360" basis from the prior payment date (or from the closing date, for the first period) to the following payment
date.
The final scheduled payment date for each class of notes is listed below.
It is expected that each class of notes will be paid in full earlier
than its final scheduled payment date.
For more details about the payment of interest and principal on each
payment date, you should read "Description of the Notes — Payments of Interest," "Description of the Notes —
Payments of Principal" and "Maturity and Prepayment Considerations — Weighted Average Life."
Calculation Agent
The "calculation agent" will be the indenture trustee. The
calculation agent will determine 30-day average SOFR, which is used to calculate the interest rate for the floating rate notes.
Optional Redemption or "Clean Up Call" Option
The servicer will have a "clean up call" option to purchase
all of the receivables on any payment date if the pool balance as of the end of the related collection period is 10% or less of the initial
pool balance. The servicer may exercise its clean up call option only if the purchase price for the receivables is sufficient to pay in
full the notes and all fees and expenses of the trust. On the servicer's exercise of its clean up call option, the notes will be redeemed
and paid in full.
For more information about optional redemption, you should read "Description
of the Notes — Optional Redemption or "Clean Up Call" Option."
Trust Assets
The trust
assets will include:
10
Receivables
The "receivables" that will be sold to the trust are retail
installment sale contracts secured by new and used cars, light trucks and utility vehicles, or the "financed vehicles," purchased
by Ford Credit from motor vehicle dealers. The purchasers of the financed vehicles who are responsible for paying the receivables are
the "obligors." If the aggregate initial principal amount of the notes to be issued is $1,315,790,000, as of the cutoff date,
the aggregate principal balance of the receivables, or the "initial pool balance," was $1,407,291,450.52 and the receivables
had the following summary characteristics:
If the aggregate initial principal amount of the notes to be issued
is $1,578,940,000, as of the cutoff date, the aggregate principal balance of the receivables, or the "initial pool balance, "
was $1,688,795,240.91 and the receivables had the following summary characteristics:
For more details about the information in this table, including how
it is calculated and defined, and for more information about the characteristics of the receivables, you should read "Receivables
 — Composition of Receivables."
Servicer
Ford Credit will be the "servicer" of the receivables and
of this securitization transaction. The servicer is responsible for collecting payments on the receivables, administering payoffs, managing
extensions and modifications, defaults and delinquencies, and repossessing and liquidating financed vehicles. The servicer will prepare
monthly reports on the receivables, payments on the notes and the status of credit enhancement. Ford Credit will also act as custodian
and maintain custody of the receivable files.
The trust will pay the servicer a servicing fee on each payment date
equal to 1/12 of 1% of the pool balance at the beginning of the related collection period (or the cutoff date for the first payment date).
For more information about the servicer, you should read "Sponsor
and Servicer."
Priority of Payments
On each payment date, the indenture trustee will use available funds
for the related collection period to make payments in the order of priority listed below. Available funds will consist primarily of collections
on the receivables. This priority will
11
apply unless the notes are accelerated after an event of default under
the indenture:
The trust will not pay principal of any class of notes until the principal
amounts of more senior classes of notes are paid in full.
For more details about available funds, you should read "Description
of the Notes — Funds Available for Payments." For more details about the priority of payments on each payment date, you should
read "Description of the Notes — Priority of Payments." For more details about targeted overcollateralization amount and
how it is used to determine the principal payable on the notes, you should read "Credit Enhancement — Overcollateralization."
Events of Default
Each of the following will be an "event of default" under
the indenture:
If an event of default occurs, other than because of a bankruptcy or
dissolution of the trust, the indenture trustee or a majority of the controlling class may accelerate the notes and declare them
12
immediately due and payable. If an event
of default occurs because of a bankruptcy or dissolution of the trust, the notes will be accelerated automatically
.
For more details about events of default,
acceleration of the notes and other remedies available to noteholders after an event of default, you should read "
Description
of the Notes — Events of Default and Acceleration." For more details about the priority of payments on each payment date after
an event of default and acceleration of the notes, you should read "Description of the Notes — Post-Acceleration Priority of
Payments."
Controlling Class
Holders of the most senior class of notes outstanding, or the "controlling
class," will control the ability to make some decisions about the trust, including whether to declare or waive events of default
and servicer termination events, or accelerate the notes, cause a sale of the receivables or direct the indenture trustee to exercise
other remedies after an event of default. Notes of the controlling class held by the trust, the depositor, the servicer or their affiliates
are not considered outstanding for these purposes while other notes are also outstanding. Holders of notes that are not part of the controlling
class will not have these rights.
Credit Enhancement
Credit enhancement provides protection for the notes against losses
on the receivables and potential shortfalls in the funds available to the trust to make required payments. If the credit enhancement is
not sufficient to cover all amounts payable on the notes, notes having a later final scheduled payment date will bear a greater risk of
loss than notes having an earlier final scheduled payment date.
The following credit enhancement will be available to the trust.
Reserve Account
On the closing date, if the aggregate initial principal amount of the
notes to be issued is $1,315,790,000, the depositor will deposit at least $3,289,497.56 in the reserve account or, if the aggregate initial
principal amount of the notes to be issued is $1,578,940,000, the depositor will
deposit at least $3,947,369.66 in the reserve account,
which, in each case, is at least 0.25% of the initial adjusted pool balance.
If, in a given collection period, available funds (excluding reserve
account amounts) are insufficient to cover the senior fees and expenses of the trust, including interest payments and any priority principal
payments on the notes due for the related payment period, the indenture trustee will use amounts in the reserve account to cover the shortfall.
The indenture trustee also will use the amounts in the reserve account if needed to pay any class of notes in full on its final scheduled
payment date or to pay the notes after an event of default and acceleration of the notes.
If amounts in the reserve account are used, they will be replenished
from collections on the receivables on later payment dates after the trust makes all higher priority payments.
For more details about the reserve account, you should read "Credit
Enhancement — Reserve Account." For more details about available funds, you should read "Description of the Notes —
Funds Available for Payments."
Subordination
The trust will pay interest to all classes of the Class A notes
and then will pay interest sequentially to the remaining classes of notes in order of seniority. The trust will not pay interest on a
subordinate class of notes until all interest due on more senior classes of notes is paid in full.
The trust will pay principal sequentially to each class of notes in
order of seniority (starting with the Class A-1 notes). The trust will not pay the principal of any class of notes until the principal
amounts of more senior classes of notes are paid in full.
In addition, if a priority principal payment is required on a payment
date, the trust will pay the priority principal payment to the most senior class of notes outstanding before the payment of interest on
the affected subordinated notes on that payment date.
For more details
about
the priority of payments, including changes to the priority after an event of default and acceleration of the notes, you should read "Description
of the Notes — Priority of Payments," "Description of the Notes — Post-
13
Acceleration Priority of Payments" and "Credit Enhancement
 — Subordination."
Overcollateralization
Overcollateralization is the amount by which the pool balance exceeds
the principal amount of the notes. Overcollateralization means there will be additional receivables generating collections that will be
available to offset losses on the receivables and supplement interest collections due to low-APR receivables in the pool. The initial
amount of overcollateralization for the notes, if the aggregate initial principal amount of the notes to be issued is $1,315,790,000,
will be $91,501,450.52, or, if the aggregate initial principal amount of the notes to be issued is $1,578,940,000, will be $109,855,240.91,
or, in each case, 6.50% of the initial pool balance.
Overcollateralization may also be expressed as a percentage of the "adjusted
pool balance," which is the pool balance less the yield supplement overcollateralization amount. The adjusted pool balance as of
the closing date will be approximately equal to the aggregate initial principal amount of the notes. This means that, on an adjusted pool
balance basis, the overcollateralization for the notes will be approximately zero on the closing date.
This securitization transaction is structured to use all available funds
remaining after payments of the senior fees and expenses of the trust, the interest on the notes, any required priority principal payments
and any required deposits in the reserve account, including the portion of the remaining available funds that is excess spread, to pay
principal of the Class A-1 notes until paid in full and, then, to pay principal of the remaining notes until the targeted overcollateralization
amount is reached. After reaching the targeted overcollateralization amount, the regular principal payment will be used to maintain the
overcollateralization at the targeted level. The targeted overcollateralization amount will adjust each month and generally will equal
the sum of (a) the yield supplement overcollateralization amount for that month,
plus
(b) 2.00% of the initial adjusted
pool balance.
For more details about the targeted overcollateralization amount,
you should read "Credit Enhancement — Overcollateralization."
Yield Supplement Overcollateralization Amount
A substantial number of the receivables have an annual percentage rate,
or "APR," less than the highest interest rate paid on the notes. To compensate for the low APRs on these receivables, the notes
are structured with a type of overcollateralization known as yield supplement overcollateralization. The "yield supplement overcollateralization
amount" for each payment date approximates the present value of the amount by which future payments on receivables with APRs below
a "stated rate" of (a) 7.25%, for the cutoff date and any payment date on or before the date the floating rate notes are
paid in full, or (b) 6.75%, for any payment date after the floating rate notes are paid in full (or if no floating rate notes are
issued), are less than future payments would be on those receivables if their APRs were equal to the stated rate. The yield supplement
overcollateralization amount is included in the targeted overcollateralization amount for each payment date, which has the effect of recharacterizing
a portion of the principal collections on the pool of receivables as interest to increase excess spread.
For more details about the calculation of the yield supplement overcollateralization
amount and its effect on principal payments, you should read "Credit Enhancement — Overcollateralization."
Excess Spread
For a payment date, excess spread is equal to the excess of (a) the
sum of interest collections and principal collections equal to the decline in the yield supplement overcollateralization amount from the
prior payment date (or the closing date for the first payment date),
over
(b) the sum of senior fees and expenses of the trust,
interest on the notes and any required deposits in the reserve account. Any excess spread will be applied on each payment date, as part
of available funds, to pay principal of the Class A-1 notes until paid in full and then to pay principal of the most senior class
of notes to the extent necessary to reach the targeted overcollateralization amount. In general, excess spread provides a source of funds
to offset losses on the receivables.
For more details about the use of excess spread as credit enhancement,
you should read "Credit Enhancement — Excess Spread."
14
Repurchases and Purchases of Receivables
Repurchase of Receivables for Breach of Representations
Ford Credit will make representations
about the origination, characteristics, terms and status of each receivable. If a representation is later determined to have been untrue
when made, then the receivable was not eligible to be sold to the depositor or the trust. If a breach of a representation has a material
adverse effect on a receivable, Ford Credit must repurchase the receivable unless it corrects the breach
before the date it is
required to repurchase the receivable.
For more details about the representations made about the receivables
and Ford Credit's repurchase obligation if these representations are breached, you should read "Receivables — Representations
About Receivables" and "Receivables — Obligation to Repurchase Receivables." For information about when the asset
representations reviewer may review receivables for compliance with the representations, you should read "Receivables — Asset
Representations Review."
Purchase of Receivables for Servicer Actions
If Ford Credit as servicer materially impairs a receivable, it must
purchase the receivable unless it corrects the impairment. In addition, Ford Credit as servicer must purchase a receivable from the trust
if it makes specific kinds of modifications to the receivable, including if it:
For more details about the servicer's obligation to purchase receivables,
you should read "Servicing — Servicer Modifications and Obligation to Purchase Receivables."
Ratings
The depositor expects that the offered notes will receive credit ratings
from two nationally recognized statistical rating organizations, or "rating agencies."
The ratings of the notes will reflect each rating agency's assessment
of the likelihood of the timely payment of interest on, and the ultimate payment of principal of, the notes according to the notes' terms.
Each rating agency rating the notes will monitor its ratings under its normal surveillance process. Ford Credit has agreed to provide
ongoing information about the notes and the receivables to each rating agency. A rating agency may change or withdraw an assigned rating
at any time. A rating action taken by one rating agency may not necessarily be taken by another rating agency. No transaction party will
be responsible for monitoring any changes to the ratings on the notes.
Tax Status
If you purchase a note, you agree by your purchase that you will treat
your note as debt for U.S. federal, state and local income and franchise tax purposes.
Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP will deliver its opinion that, for U.S. federal
income tax purposes:
For more information
about the application of tax laws, you should read "Tax Considerations."
ERISA Considerations
The offered notes generally will be eligible for purchase by employee
benefit plans.
For more information about the treatment of the notes under ERISA,
you should read "ERISA Considerations."
15
Credit Risk Retention
The risk retention regulations in Regulation RR under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 require the sponsor, either directly or through its majority-owned affiliates, to retain an economic interest of
at least 5% in the credit risk of the receivables. The sponsor will satisfy this credit risk retention requirement by causing the depositor
to retain an "eligible horizontal residual interest" having a fair value equal to at least 5% of the sum of the fair value,
as of the closing date, of the notes to be issued by the trust and the residual interest in the trust.
For more information about how the sponsor will satisfy the risk
retention requirements, you should read "Credit Risk Retention."
Investment Considerations
The trust is not registered or required to be registered as an "investment
company" under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and, in making this determination, is relying on the exemption in Rule 3a-7
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, although other exclusions or exemptions may also be available to the trust. The trust is structured
not to be a "covered fund" under the regulations adopted to implement Section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform
and Consumer Protection Act, commonly known as the Volcker Rule.
The Class A-1 notes will be structured to be eligible for purchase
by money market funds under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940. A money market fund should consult its legal advisors
regarding the eligibility of the Class A-1 notes under Rule 2a-7 and whether an investment in the Class A-1 notes satisfies
the fund's investment policies and objectives.
For more information about Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company
Act of 1940, you should read "Investment Considerations."
16
Summary
of Risk Factors
The notes are subject to certain risks
that you should consider before making a decision to purchase any notes. The risk factors that are material to the notes are summarized
below and described in detail under "
Risk Factors". This summary is included to provide an overview of these risks.
It does not contain all of the information regarding the risks that you should consider in making your decision to purchase any notes.
To understand these risks fully, you should read "Risk Factors" starting on page 19
.
Risks relating to the nature of the notes and the structure of the
transaction
The notes are subject to risks relating to their nature as asset-backed
securities and the structure of the transaction, which could lead to shortfalls in payments or losses on your notes, adversely affect
the market value of your notes and/or limit your ability to resell your notes, including:
Risks relating to the trust assets
The notes are subject to risks relating to the performance of the receivables
and other property comprising the trust assets, which could lead to shortfalls in payments or losses on your notes, adversely affect the
market value of your notes and/or limit your ability to resell your notes, including:
17
Risks relating to macroeconomic, regulatory and other external factors
The notes are subject to risks relating to climate change, the broader
economy, legal and regulatory environment and other external factors, which could lead to shortfalls in payments or losses on your notes,
adversely affect the market value of your notes and/or limit your ability to resell your notes, including:
Risks relating to the transaction parties
The notes are subject to risks relating to the various transaction parties
that are involved in the structuring and ongoing maintenance of the transaction and the offering of the notes, which could lead to shortfalls
in payments or losses on your notes, adversely affect the market value of your notes and/or limit your ability to resell your notes, including:
18
Risk
Factors
You should consider the following risk factors
in deciding whether to purchase any notes.
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
[TABLE:85]
[TABLE:87]
27
28
[TABLE:91]
[TABLE:93]
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
Sponsor
and Servicer
General
Ford
Credit
was established in 1959 to provide financing for Ford vehicles and support Ford dealers. Ford Credit is a Delaware limited liability company
and is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ford.
Ford Credit provides a wide variety of automotive
financing products to and through automotive dealers throughout the world. The predominant share of Ford Credit’s business consists
of financing Ford and Lincoln vehicles and supporting the dealers of those brands. Ford Credit's primary financing products are:
Ford Credit also
services the finance receivables and leases it originates and purchases, makes loans to Ford
affiliates and provides insurance
services related to its financing programs.
Ford Credit
earns
its revenue primarily from:
Ford
Credit
will be the sponsor of the securitization transaction in which the notes will be issued. Ford Credit will be the servicer of the receivables
and the securitization transaction and the administrator for the trust.
As sponsor, Ford Credit will be responsible for
structuring this securitization transaction, selecting the transaction parties and paying the expenses of forming the trust, legal fees
of some transaction parties, rating agency fees for rating the notes and other transaction expenses. Ford Credit will also select the
pool of receivables for this securitization transaction using the criteria described in "
Receivables — Selection of Receivables
."
Ford Credit will make representations about the characteristics of the receivables sold to the depositor and sold by the depositor to
the trust. If Ford Credit obtains knowledge or is notified by the trust, the owner trustee or the indenture trustee of a claim to the
effect that any representation made about a receivable or financed vehicle was untrue when made, Ford Credit must investigate whether
a breach of that representation has occurred, and if so and if the breach has a material adverse effect on the receivable or financed
vehicle, Ford Credit must repurchase the receivable unless it corrects the breach in all material respects before the date it is required
to repurchase the receivable.
For more information about the representations
and repurchase obligations, you should read "Receivables — Representations About Receivables" and "Receivables —
Obligation to Repurchase Receivables."
40
Ford Credit's wholly-owned
subsidiary, the depositor, will retain the residual interest in the trust. The residual interest represents the ownership interest in
the trust and
the right to all funds not needed to make required payments on the notes, offset losses on the receivables, pay fees
and expenses of the trust or make deposits in the reserve account. The residual interest is subordinated to the notes and represents the
first-loss interest in this securitization transaction. The depositor's retained residual interest will not be sold, financed, transferred
or hedged by Ford Credit, the depositor or any of their affiliates other than as permitted by Regulation RR.
For more information about the required retention
of credit risk in the transaction by the sponsor, you should read "Credit Risk Retention."
Ratings of Sponsor and Servicer
As of the date of
this
prospectus, Ford Credit's senior unsecured debt ratings are:
[TABLE:111]
The rating agencies periodically review Ford Credit's
debt ratings and may raise, downgrade or change the ratings or the outlook of the ratings at any time.
Based on its present ratings, Ford Credit, as servicer,
will be required to deposit collections (except recoveries) on the receivables in the collection account within two business days of applying
these amounts to the obligor accounts.
For more information about the deposit of collections,
you should read "Servicing — Deposit of Collections."
Securitization Experience
Ford Credit has securitized its assets since 1988.
Ford Credit's securitization programs are diversified
across asset classes and markets. Ford Credit sponsors securitization programs for retail installment sale contracts, leases and leased
vehicles and dealer floorplan receivables. Ford Credit participates in a number of international securitization markets, including the
United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Germany, Mexico and China. Ford Credit also participated in the securitization markets in Japan
and Australia and other European countries.
In the United States, Ford Credit sponsors a number
of securitization and structured financing programs in which it sells receivables to trusts making registered public offerings or broadly-distributed
Rule 144A offerings of asset-backed securities. In addition, Ford Credit regularly sells interests in, and asset-backed securities
backed by, pools of receivables to a large number of bank-sponsored asset-backed commercial paper conduits and other banks and financial
institutions.
Ford Credit securitizes its assets because the
market for securitization of financial assets usually provides the company with a lower cost source of funding than other alternatives,
diversifies funding among different markets and investors and provides additional liquidity. Ford Credit meets a significant portion of
its funding requirements through securitizations for these reasons. Securitization is a core component of Ford Credit's funding strategy.
For more information about Ford Credit's securitization
programs and its funding strategy, please read Ford Credit's Annual Report on Form 10-K which is available on Ford Credit's website
at www.ford.com/finance/investor-center.
41
Securitization Program for Retail Installment Sale Contracts
Ford Credit has had an active publicly-registered
securitization program for retail installment sale contracts in the United States since 1989 and has issued asset-backed securities in
more than 90 transactions under this program. The asset-backed securities offered by this prospectus are part of that program. Ford Credit
has also had a broadly-distributed Rule 144A securitization program for revolving pools of retail installment sale contracts in the
United States since 2014 and has issued asset-backed securities in more than 15 transactions under this program. Ford Credit has never
received a demand to repurchase any receivable backing asset-backed securities offered in either program due to an alleged breach of representations
made about the receivables. Repurchases of receivables due to Ford Credit's discovery of a breach of representations have been immaterial
in these retail installment sale contract programs. None of the asset-backed securities offered in these programs have experienced any
losses or events of default and Ford Credit has never taken any action out of the ordinary in any transaction to prevent losses or events
of default.
Origination, Underwriting and Purchasing
Vehicle Financing
.
Ford Credit purchases completed retail installment sale contracts entered into between retail customers and motor vehicle dealers for
the sale and financing of vehicles. When a customer purchases a vehicle from a dealer, the customer and the dealer agree on the purchase
price of the vehicle and the purchase of any insurance, service contracts and other products offered by the dealer. If the customer elects
to finance the vehicle through the dealer, the customer and the dealer decide on the amount to be financed, contract term, payment terms
and finance charge rate, or APR, on the retail installment sale contract. The "contract amount financed" is the purchase price
of the vehicle plus taxes, additional products such as insurance and service contracts, dealer installed or other vehicle accessories,
including software services, vehicle charging equipment, outstanding balances on turn-in or trade-in vehicles and other fees and charges
the dealer agrees to pay on behalf of the customer less any vehicle trade-in, customer down payment and cash payments from Ford-sponsored
marketing programs. Ford Credit will generally only purchase contracts from dealers if it approved the additional products financed on
the contract and the providers of those products. The customer also chooses the day of the month on which monthly payments will be due
and the first payment date, which generally must be within 45 days of the date the contract is signed. The dealer will determine if the
customer is eligible for and will be using any Ford-sponsored marketing programs that impact the terms of the contract, such as low-APR
vehicle marketing incentive programs or marketing programs that allow the customer to defer payments for a limited time before starting
to make monthly payments.
Contracts originated under Ford-sponsored low-APR
vehicle marketing incentive programs, or "subvened-APR contracts," have finance charge rates below the standard financing rates
that Ford Credit offers. Ford pays Ford Credit the present value of the difference between the customer's subvened rate and Ford Credit's
established financing rate. Ford and Ford Credit may also offer other forms of vehicle marketing or financing incentives to customers,
such as cash rebates or deferred initial monthly payments, but contracts receiving these incentives are not considered subvened-APR contracts.
Cash rebates may be applied toward the purchase price of the financed vehicle.
A contract originated under marketing programs
that allow the customer to defer the initial monthly payments will have an original term that is longer than would otherwise be the case
because the deferral period occurs at the beginning of the contract, after which normal monthly payments commence. Contracts originated
under those marketing programs have a first payment date that is more than 45 days after the contract is signed.
Ford Credit typically purchases retail installment
sale contracts with original terms of 60-, 72-, 75- and 84-months, but will also purchase contracts with other original terms. Ford Credit
generally limits 84-month contracts to applicants meeting certain eligibility criteria, which include maximum advance limits. Most of
the 84-month contracts purchased by Ford Credit are financed for the purchase of new vehicles for the applicants’ personal use.
42
Credit Application
and Scoring Models.
Each customer that elects to finance through the dealer completes a credit application. If the dealer
requests that Ford Credit purchase the retail installment sale contract, the dealer submits the credit application electronically to Ford
Credit, typically through online systems, together with information about the proposed terms of the retail installment sale contract.
After receiving a credit application submitted
by a dealer, Ford Credit automatically obtains a credit report on the applicant from a national credit bureau, which includes a credit
score and other credit information. Ford Credit generally selects a credit bureau based on its assessment of which credit bureau provides
the most accurate and complete credit reports and a credit analyst may select an additional credit bureau for more information. In some
cases, the applicant is a business entity and a credit report from a commercial credit bureau is used as described in
"—
Commercial Accounts"
below. In a small number of cases, a credit report is not available because an applicant does not have a
sufficient credit history. Ford Credit also automatically obtains other information on the applicant including results of compliance and
fraud checks, whether the applicant has other active credit applications submitted to Ford Credit, whether the applicant is a current
or former Ford Credit customer, and in some cases, other available credit information.
If an individual applicant has sufficient recent
credit history, the credit bureau information used in Ford Credit's origination scoring models includes the applicant's credit risk score,
often called a FICO
®
score. A FICO
®
score is generated using statistical models created by Fair Isaac Corporation
and measures the likelihood that an applicant will become severely delinquent. FICO
®
is a registered trademark of Fair
Isaac Corporation. FICO
®
models are updated from time to time. Ford Credit currently uses FICO
®
scores designed
specifically for automotive financing known as FICO
®
8 scores. FICO
®
scores range from 250 to 900. An applicant’s
FICO
®
score is a factor in Ford Credit's consumer origination scoring models. An applicant’s loan-to-value and payment-to-income
ratios are also factors, among others, in Ford Credit's consumer origination scoring models.
The first step Ford Credit takes on receipt of
an application is to classify the applicant based on whether the applicant is an individual or business entity, the applicant's credit
profile and whether the vehicle being financed is new or used. This classification determines the particular origination scoring model
to be used. Ford Credit's proprietary origination scoring models assess the creditworthiness of the applicant using the information in
the applicant's credit application, the proposed terms of the retail installment sale contract and the applicant's credit bureau information
and other information obtained by Ford Credit. The origination scoring models are statistical tools used to differentiate credit applicants
based on their probability of paying the amounts due under their contracts. The origination scoring models assign a proprietary risk score
for each applicant that is used in Ford Credit's evaluation process. The origination scoring models update the applicant's risk score
in real time throughout the evaluation and purchasing process if any of the inputs to the risk score change. However, using origination
scoring models does not eliminate credit risk in Ford Credit’s origination, underwriting and purchasing practices.
Ford Credit's origination scoring models are developed
internally based on Ford Credit's portfolio databases of millions of contracts originated over several decades to identify key variables
that predict an applicant's probability of paying the amount due under the contract. Certain origination scoring models for consumer credit
applicants are developed using advanced statistical tools to improve data interactions and evaluate and create more predictive variables,
which enhance the model's ability to assess risk. Those origination scoring models can sometimes place a greater emphasis on the newly
created variables, which continue to be derived from certain information in an applicant's credit bureau report, other available credit
information and the proposed contract terms, with relatively less emphasis placed on traditional variables such as an applicant's FICO
®
score.
Ford Credit regularly reviews its origination scoring
models to confirm the continued business significance and statistical predictability of the variables, including comparing actual and
predicted performance of its retail portfolio. Ford Credit develops new origination scoring models for its consumer, commercial and commercial
line of credit applicants on a regular cycle plan. Ford Credit may make adjustments to improve the performance of the origination scoring
models between development cycles by uniformly changing the overall risk scores or modifying the weighting of selected variables.
43
Underwriting
and Credit Evaluation.
After all information is obtained and a proprietary risk score is generated, Ford Credit evaluates
the application to determine whether to approve it. Ford Credit's decision process is based on a judgmental evaluation of the applicant,
the credit application, the proposed terms of the contract, the credit bureau information, the proprietary risk score and other information.
The evaluation emphasizes the applicant's ability to pay and creditworthiness focusing on payment, affordability, applicant credit history
and stability factors as key considerations. The creditworthiness of any co-applicant or guarantor is evaluated in a similar manner to
the applicant and is also considered when determining whether to approve an application.
The loan-to-value ratio, or "LTV," used
by Ford Credit to evaluate credit applications is determined by dividing the loan amount by the collateral value of the vehicle. The "loan
amount" used in the LTV calculation in the origination scoring models is the contract amount financed, minus additional cancellable
products such as insurance and service contracts, if purchased. The collateral value in the LTV calculation is determined using the wholesale
value of the vehicle. If the financed vehicle is a new vehicle, including demonstrator vehicles, the wholesale value is generally the
dealer invoice price but it may be increased to reflect equipment added to the vehicle, including specialty bodies and software services.
Ford Credit may adjust the wholesale value before calculating the LTV that is used in the origination scoring models. If the financed
vehicle is a used vehicle, excluding demonstrator vehicles, the wholesale value is the amount entered by the dealer during the credit
application process. In some cases, the credit analyst adjusts or updates the dealer entered value, typically by using the JD Power Values
(formerly known as the National Auto Dealers Association Official Used Car Guide) or Kelley Blue Book, but other sources of information
such as other vehicle value guides, auction or purchase price or other methods may be used.
The payment-to-income ratio, or "PTI,"
is determined by dividing the monthly payment by the combined gross monthly income and other monthly income of the applicant and any co-applicant
as reported by them in the credit application or as adjusted in limited cases through Ford Credit's income verification process. PTI is
not calculated for commercial use contracts with a business entity as the primary obligor. PTI is not used for credit evaluation for a
limited number of contracts where the applicant stated no income or negligible income and contracts where Ford Credit has determined that
the PTI is unreliable.
All credit applications automatically go into Ford
Credit's electronic decisioning process in order to expedite the review of applications, promote consistent decisions and allow Ford Credit
to make and communicate decisions to dealers faster and more efficiently. The electronic decisioning process first identifies the applications
to approve, reject or make a conditional offer for a resulting retail installment sale contract, and then the remaining applications are
assigned to a credit analyst for further evaluation. These electronic decisions are made using models that generally replicate the judgmental
evaluation that would be applied by an experienced credit analyst based on various combinations of factors that in Ford Credit's experience
have resulted in credit analysts' approval, rejection or conditional offer decisions. Ford Credit regularly reviews its electronic decisioning
process and makes adjustments in response to market conditions, financing terms and the performance of its portfolio or to increase or
decrease the percentage of applications electronically approved, conditionally offered or rejected. Ford Credit electronically approves
between approximately 50% to 65% of the purchased contracts, as measured by principal balance of total originations. Ford Credit uses
a single level underwriting standard for all credit applications including those that are electronically decisioned and those that are
decisioned by a credit analyst. Many of the applications not approved in the electronic decisioning process are evaluated and approved
by a credit analyst.
On receipt of a credit application, the credit
analyst judgmentally evaluates the credit application using uniform system processes and system based decision-making tools in the framework
of Ford Credit's purchasing standards. Each credit application is reviewed separately and the credit analyst makes an individual decision
based on the credit analyst's assessment of the strengths and weaknesses of the application. The credit analyst may work with the dealer
to determine acceptable contract terms for applications that cannot be approved as originally submitted. The credit analyst may condition
approval on the addition of a qualified co-applicant or guarantor or on changes to the financing terms, such as a higher cash down payment
or a less expensive vehicle being financed. For less creditworthy applicants, or if there is a discrepancy in the information provided
by the applicant, the credit analyst may verify the
44
identity, employment, income, residency and other applicant information
using Ford Credit's established procedures before a decision is made.
To support consistent credit and purchase decisions
and the overall quality of the portfolio, as described in
"
—
Portfolio Quality"
below, Ford Credit establishes
purchasing standards and procedures including purchase quality guidelines and risk factor guidelines that are used by its credit analysts.
Purchase quality guidelines set targets for the purchase of lower and marginal quality contracts and may be set at different levels for
different Ford Credit business regions. Risk factor guidelines provide a framework of evaluation guidelines for specific attributes of
an application, including affordability measures like PTI and debt-to-income ratios, FICO
®
score, LTV and contract term.
Risk factor guidelines and purchase quality guidelines are not strict limits or requirements and the credit analysts evaluating an application
determine whether there may be other factors that, in their judgment, support approval of the application, including demonstrated ability
to pay, strong credit history, prior favorable Ford Credit financing experience, residency and employment stability and eligibility for
Ford-sponsored marketing programs. For used vehicles, Ford Credit's purchasing guidelines recommend shorter contract terms for older vehicles.
Ford Credit also uses performance monitoring software to improve process discipline and consistency of decisions. Notwithstanding these
guidelines, procedures and software, the judgment of the credit analyst is the most important aspect of Ford Credit's evaluation and credit
and purchase decision process.
Managers review or approve any credit application
that contains specific characteristics or combinations of characteristics identified in Ford Credit's risk factor guidelines. Ford Credit's
credit and purchase decisions are made independently of Ford, and Ford cannot require Ford Credit to approve a credit application or purchase
a contract that would not otherwise be approved or purchased through Ford Credit's decision process.
Ford Credit also has a compliance management program
designed to ensure that Ford Credit's processes comply with legal and regulatory requirements. The compliance management program is commensurate
with Ford Credit's structure and the complexity of the products and services it offers.
Credit and purchase decisions are typically communicated
to the dealer electronically and credit decisions made through the electronic decisioning process are typically communicated within seconds.
For credit applications not decisioned electronically, Ford Credit typically makes a decision within 20 minutes of receipt of an application.
Less creditworthy applicants may require additional investigation and take longer before a decision can be made.
Contract Purchasing
Process.
For approved credit applications, dealers must submit retail installment sale contracts, signed by both the customer
and the dealer, on paper or electronic forms approved by Ford Credit and determined by Ford Credit to be in compliance with law and enforceable.
After the dealer submits a completed contract, Ford Credit confirms that the terms of the contract are consistent with the application
approval and checks for errors apparent in the contract disclosures made by the dealer. If the contract is consistent with the approval
but contains minor errors, Ford Credit may purchase the contract and send a correction notice to the customer or obtain a signed modification
agreement from the customer. If the contract is not consistent with the approval or has more significant errors, Ford Credit returns it
to the dealer for correction or a new contract.
As part of the approval process, Ford Credit establishes
a "dealer discount rate" that is used to calculate Ford Credit's purchase price for the contract. This dealer discount rate
is determined based on a combination of factors, including Ford Credit's proprietary risk score, the applicant's FICO
®
score and the contract characteristics. For commercial applicants that do not have a FICO
®
score, the dealer discount rate
is determined based on Ford Credit's proprietary risk score and the contract characteristics. If the contract APR exceeds the dealer discount
rate by more than the limits established by Ford Credit, then Ford Credit either will not purchase the contract or will reduce the APR
to meet Ford Credit guidelines. In the case of subvened-APR contracts, the dealer discount rate will match the APR established by Ford.
In some cases Ford Credit may approve a reduced dealer discount rate. These rate concessions generally are granted to dealers who could
obtain lower rates from other financing providers or to resolve a discrepancy in the originally quoted dealer discount rate. Ford and
Ford Credit may also offer marketing programs where the dealer discount rate is determined primarily based on the specific applicant or
contract characteristics rather than on the risk scores. These programs are generally offered
45
to attract particular types of applicants, such as current college students
and recent college graduates or first time buyers of Ford or Lincoln vehicles, or to promote sales of particular Ford and Lincoln vehicles.
Ford Credit purchases the contract from the dealer
for an amount generally equal to the amount financed on the contract plus one or more of a set fee, a percentage of the amount financed
and a portion of the finance charge on the contract. The portion of the finance charge earned by the dealer is generally calculated using
the difference between the dealer discount rate set by Ford Credit and the APR on the contract.
Each dealer signs an assignment agreement with
Ford Credit and represents that the contract assigned to Ford Credit is complete, all required contract disclosures were properly made
and all material statements made to Ford Credit by the dealer on behalf of the customer are true. If, after investigation, these representations
are later determined to have been untrue when made, including due to fraud, Ford Credit may require the dealer to repurchase the contract
and the contract is paid off in Ford Credit's receivables system, or may retain the contract and obtain a dealer guaranty in case there
is a subsequent default on the contract.
Contract Maintenance.
Contracts purchased by Ford Credit are either completed in paper form and are physically signed by the customer or are
completed in electronic form and are electronically signed by the customer. Ford Credit maintains possession of the paper contracts and
related documents through a third-party vendor in secure, limited access facilities. These facilities use security access measures, including
physical badge or biometric authentication and may use video surveillance. These facilities have fire suppression systems and are subject
to disaster recovery and business continuity plans to ensure safekeeping and preservation of the documents. The electronic contracts are
stored in a specially-designed computer system or "electronic vault" maintained by a third-party vendor that identifies Ford
Credit as the owner and establishes Ford Credit's "control" of the electronic contracts. Access to the electronic vault is limited
to users having a business need and controlled by user identification, passwords, machine token authentication and access logs. Access
to the data center housing the electronic vault is limited to authorized system maintenance users and is controlled by anti-intrusion
software, video surveillance and physical badge or biometric authentication. The data center and electronic vault are subject to disaster
recovery and business continuity plans.
All contracts purchased by Ford Credit are entered
into Ford Credit's originations and receivables systems and assigned a unique account number for the life of the contract. Ford Credit
considers a contract to be originated on the date the contract is signed by the customer and finance charges start to accrue on the contract
as of that date.
Purchased contracts and related documents are electronically
imaged. For electronic contracts, a separate image of the original contract is created for servicing purposes. Once imaged, the documents
may be viewed on Ford Credit's systems for servicing, but may not be altered or deleted from those systems. Additional documents generated
or received by Ford Credit during servicing are also added to the imaged file.
Vehicle Title.
The assignment agreement also requires the dealer to apply immediately for a certificate of title for the financed vehicle
that identifies Ford Credit as the lienholder. Ford Credit or its vendor verifies that its lien is noted on the certificate of title.
In most states, the verification occurs when the certificate of title is received. In the states that do not provide the certificate of
title to the lienholder, Ford Credit or its vendor verifies Ford Credit’s lien through a notice from the state. If Ford Credit cannot
verify that its lien is noted on the certificate of title within an established period of time or if the lien notation is incorrect, it
follows up with the dealer, the customer or state vehicle regulatory agencies to properly note or correct the lien.
Ford Credit
's
vendor stores paper certificates of title in secure facilities controlled by physical badge authentication. Access to the title storage
area is limited to authorized personnel with a business need. Ford Credit also uses the electronic certificate of title process offered
in many states that maintain electronic records of the certificate of title and lienholder information. Electronic titles are processed
by Ford Credit’s vendor and, in some cases, are converted to paper titles and stored at the vendor’s secure facilities.
46
Types of Contracts
and Vehicle Classification.
Most contracts purchased by Ford Credit are to finance new Ford or Lincoln vehicles that have
not had their title registered. Ford Credit also purchases contracts to finance vehicles that were previously used by the dealer as courtesy
vehicles for the dealer’s service customers as well as demonstrator vehicles used by the dealer before being sold to retail customers.
Those courtesy and demonstrator vehicles are usually classified as new vehicles at the time of sale to a retail customer unless state
law requires such vehicles to be classified as used vehicles for financing purposes or the vehicle did not satisfy limits set by Ford
Credit on mileage and condition. The retail installment sale contracts and, accordingly, Ford Credit's receivables system primarily classify
courtesy and demonstrator vehicles as new vehicles, however, in certain limited cases, these vehicles are classified as demonstrators.
Where the receivables system identifies a vehicle as a demonstrator, these vehicles are classified as used vehicles for the purposes of
Ford Credit's retail securitization programs. When required by state law, the title for a courtesy or demonstrator vehicle is registered
by the relevant dealership before the financed vehicle is sold to a retail customer. Most contracts purchased by Ford Credit are with
individuals who use the financed vehicle for personal use.
Ford Credit also purchases contracts to finance
used vehicles, including certified pre-owned vehicles. A certified pre-owned vehicle must satisfy applicable mileage limits, condition
requirements and routine maintenance standards and may be eligible for the original manufacturer's warranty or for a new certified pre-owned
limited warranty. Certified pre-owned vehicles may be eligible for Ford-sponsored incentive marketing programs.
Ford Credit's standard policy is to purchase contracts
with original terms up to 84 months. The contracts purchased by Ford Credit are simple interest, fixed rate contracts that amortize the
amount financed over a series of payments. Ford Credit may change its standard policy on existing products or introduce new financing
products for retail customers in response to competitive pressures, customer demand or new business strategies.
Ford Credit classifies vehicles into categories.
The car category includes sedans, hatchbacks and coupes. The light truck category includes minivans, vans and light pick-up trucks including
a limited number that may have specialty bodies. The truck category includes medium and heavy trucks with specialty bodies. The utility
category includes wagons, SUVs and cross overs.
Commercial
Accounts
. Some of the retail installment sale contracts purchased by Ford Credit are for customers who are either business
entities or individuals who use the financed vehicle for commercial purposes. Commercial customers may have multiple vehicles financed
with Ford Credit and a portion of commercial customers have lines of credit that allow the customer to finance multiple vehicles up to
the approved amount under pre-established terms, subject to some conditions. No single commercial customer has financed the purchase of
vehicles under a commercial line of credit representing more than 1% of the principal balance of Ford Credit’s portfolio of retail
installment sale contracts.
Ford Credit's origination scoring models for commercial
applicants that are business entities include factors relevant to businesses and use commercial credit bureau information. Consumer credit
bureaus do not provide data or FICO
®
scores for business entities. The origination scoring models for commercial applications
that include individuals as the applicant, co-applicant or guarantor use the individual's FICO
®
score, but still factor
in the commercial use of the financed vehicle and commercial credit bureau information if the commercial applicant is a business entity.
For the majority of commercial applicants that
are business entities, the commercial credit bureau information used in Ford Credit's origination scoring models includes the primary
applicant's Small Business Credit Share, or SBCS
®
score, even if there is also a FICO
®
score because the
commercial application included an individual. SBCS
®
scores are generated using statistical models created by Experian
and measure the likelihood that a commercial applicant will become severely delinquent. SBCS
®
scores range from 0 to 100.
Ford Credit uses the SBCS
®
Acquisition Score in its commercial origination scoring models to generate a proprietary risk
score for the applicants. Commercial credit bureau scores are not as significant a factor in Ford Credit's commercial origination scoring
models as FICO
®
scores are in the consumer origination scoring models.
If the credit analyst requires additional information
on a commercial applicant, the analyst may obtain a credit report from Dun & Bradstreet. The analyst may regenerate the applicant’s
proprietary risk score
47
through the commercial origination scoring models using data from this
report, including various scores on the applicant. The credit report obtained from Dun & Bradstreet also includes the applicant's
D&B Delinquency Predictor Score, a commercial credit score that is created by Dun & Bradstreet to measure the likelihood
that a business will become severely delinquent. D&B Delinquency Predictor Scores range from 101 to 670. Ford Credit uses the D&B
Delinquency Predictor Score in its commercial origination scoring models if the credit analyst determines that the Dun & Bradstreet
credit report provides more fulsome information for an applicant or an SBCS
®
Acquisition Score is unavailable for a commercial
applicant that is a business entity.
For commercial line of credit applicants, there
are two steps in the process. First, Ford Credit evaluates the applicant for approval of the line of credit. Underwriting procedures vary
based on desired line of credit size, but the procedures include a commercial credit report from Dun & Bradstreet that contains
payment history information and various scores on the applicant and may include review of the applicant's financial statements and proposed
vehicle usage. Once the applicant is approved for a line of credit, the second step in the process occurs each time there is a request
to finance the purchase of a vehicle under the line of credit. At this time, Ford Credit gathers the same information for commercial customers
with a line of credit as it does for other commercial customers and generates a proprietary risk score. The key considerations for requests
to finance the purchase of a vehicle under a line of credit are that there is capacity under the line of credit and there have been no
significant changes to the customer's financial condition.
Similar to purchase decisions for consumer applicants,
purchase decisions for commercial applicants emphasize ability to pay and creditworthiness, but also recognize that commercial vehicles
may have specialty bodies or equipment added and are often put to more demanding uses, which may reduce the resale value of the financed
vehicle. For these reasons, Ford Credit uses a different electronic decisioning process for commercial applicants and its purchase standards
are often different which generally result in larger down payments and shorter contract terms than consumer applicants. In addition, Ford
Credit has dedicated commercial credit analysts to review and evaluate commercial applications.
An important difference between commercial contracts
and other contracts is that commercial contracts with the same customer may be included in a separate cross-collateral agreement that
covers one or more contracts and financed vehicles and/or financing agreements with that customer for certain related equipment, such
as vehicle charging equipment, or for other financing. These cross-collateral agreements allow Ford Credit to enforce collection and repossession
rights against all contracts and financed vehicles and/or collateral under the financing agreements, if any, based on specific triggers.
These repossession rights may apply even if some of the contracts and/or financing agreements are not past due. Payments or other amounts
received on a specific contract, such as repossession sale proceeds, generally are applied first to that contract. Excess amounts collected
for one contract may be applied to other contracts or financing agreements with the same customer to reduce losses.
Portfolio Quality
.
Ford Credit uses its purchasing standards to manage the overall quality of its portfolio of retail installment sale contracts. Ford Credit
reviews credit analysts' decisions regularly to ensure they are consistent with Ford Credit's purchasing standards and credit approval
authority. In addition, a specific auditing group within Ford Credit regularly reviews the underwriting process and compliance with company
procedures and legal requirements.
Ford Credit uses
credit performance and purchase quality reports to monitor credit quality, consistency of purchase decisions and portfolio composition,
including levels of lower and marginal quality contracts, and to provide ongoing training for credit analysts. These reports are generated
at several levels including total
company, geographic region, dealer and credit analyst.
Ford Credit regularly
reviews and analyzes its portfolio of receivables to evaluate the effectiveness of its credit decisions and purchasing standards. If external
economic factors, credit losses or delinquencies, market conditions, consumer credit trends, customer characteristics or other factors
change, Ford Credit may adjust its purchasing standards and procedures, including purchase quality guidelines and risk factor guidelines,
to change the quality of its portfolio or to achieve other business objectives
.
48
Origination Characteristics
The following table contains information about
the retail installment sale contracts purchased by Ford Credit from motor vehicle dealers during each of the periods indicated.
Origination Characteristics
Ford Credit's origination, underwriting and purchasing
policies and procedures focus on supporting the sale of new Ford and Lincoln vehicles. From time to time, Ford Credit changes those policies
and procedures to respond to market conditions and competitive pressures and to pursue different business strategies. In addition, Ford
Credit may also emphasize or deemphasize purchases of some types of retail installment sale contracts for risk management purposes. The
relative cost and availability of funding sources also impacts Ford Credit's willingness to purchase certain retail installment sale contracts
and the terms, including pricing, on which it is willing to do so.
A substantial percentage of the retail installment
sale contracts that Ford Credit purchases are originated under Ford-sponsored marketing programs, which can vary in markets across the
country and are subject to change. As a result, changes in origination volumes and the characteristics of the contracts that Ford Credit
purchases are caused primarily by changes in the volume of Ford vehicle sales
49
and changes in Ford-sponsored marketing programs. For example, Ford
has sponsored marketing programs in the past that included cash rebates, and subvened financing options.
Ford's vehicle production
plans and its customers' preferences also influence Ford Credit's portfolio of retail installment contracts. For example, to the extent
that Ford produces relatively more light trucks and SUVs, as compared to other vehicle types, and customers choose to purchase higher
series and trim vehicles of all types, the sales prices of the financed vehicles and financed amounts of the associated retail installment
sale contracts purchased by Ford Credit tend to increase
.
Ford Credit purchases retail installment sale contracts
with a variety of original terms, including 60-, 72-, 75- and 84-months. The weighted average original term (in months) of Ford Credit's
portfolio of retail installment contracts generally increases with the introduction of longer original terms, caused, in part, by greater
consumer demand for longer term financing and its associated lower monthly payments. However, Ford-sponsored marketing programs can from
time to time include attractive financing rates for specific original terms that may also influence the weighted average original term
of Ford Credit’s portfolio of retail installment contracts.
Ford-sponsored marketing programs may offer applicants
a choice between cash rebates and subvened financing, and the applicant's choice changes the proportion of subvened-APR contracts purchased
by Ford Credit. The relative attractiveness to applicants of a cash rebate or subvened financing depends on a number of factors including
the available subvened rate, the amount of the cash rebate, and financing rates available for the applicant from sources other than Ford
Credit. The combination of these factors can lead to an increase or decrease in the number of subvened-APR contracts purchased by Ford
Credit.
There are a variety of factors that affect the
weighted average LTV of contracts purchased by Ford Credit, including whether obligors choose subvened financing under Ford-sponsored
marketing programs, the average amount of obligor down payments and cash rebates, the average sales price of the financed vehicles and
the amount financed related to service contracts, insurance and similar products or vehicle accessories. Obligors that choose subvened
financing generally have a higher LTV than other similarly situated obligors because they may have a smaller, if any, cash rebate to apply
and are otherwise less likely to make cash down payments to reduce interest costs.
New vehicle contracts
constitute a relatively consistent percentage of the original principal balance of all contracts purchased by Ford Credit. Fluctuations
in the relative proportion of new and used vehicle contracts purchased by Ford Credit have largely been influenced by the attractiveness
and availability of Ford-sponsored marketing programs that incentivized dealers to sell certified pre-owned vehicles and offered customers
both subvened financing and cash rebates toward the purchase of a certified pre-owned vehicle
.
The weighted average FICO
®
score
of primary obligors on retail installment sale contracts purchased by Ford Credit may fluctuate from period to period, which fluctuation
is primarily driven by a combination of changes to Ford-sponsored marketing programs, changes to Ford Credit's origination, underwriting
and purchasing policies and procedures or changes to Ford Credit's proprietary scoring models. Changes to marketing programs can result
in different weighted average FICO
®
scores from period-to-period as certain subvention programs and rebates attract higher
FICO
®
score customers to Ford Credit's financing programs. In the absence of attractive marketing programs, these higher
FICO
®
score customers are more likely to either pay cash to purchase their vehicle or obtain financing from sources other
than Ford Credit. Changes to Ford Credit's origination, underwriting and purchasing policies or procedures can include actions such as
modifying credit risk factor guidelines and are described in more detail under "
Sponsor and Servicer — Material Changes
to Origination, Underwriting and Purchasing Policies and Procedures."
For example, changes to the credit risk scoring models
can include modification of the variables or weighting of variables which may place more or less emphasis on the FICO
®
score as a standalone variable. These changes are described under "
Sponsor and Servicer — Material Changes to Origination,
Underwriting and Purchasing Policies and Procedures
" as well.
50
Material Changes to Origination, Underwriting and Purchasing Policies
and Procedures
As part of its regular
cycle
plan, Ford Credit launched new origination scoring models for:
In March 2020 and again in October 2021,
Ford Credit revised its purchase quality guidelines and began offering 84-month contracts to an expanded range of applicants who may have
lower FICO
®
scores and higher LTVs. In May 2022, Ford Credit increased the maximum term for commercial use contracts
from 72 to 84 months on an exception basis. In July 2022, Ford Credit further expanded personal use 84-month purchase quality guidelines
to include applicants with lower proprietary risk scores while maintaining maximum advance limits. For more details about Ford Credit's
origination, underwriting and purchasing policies and procedures, you should read "
Sponsor and Servicer
—
Origination,
Underwriting and Purchasing
."
Servicing Experience
Ford Credit will be the servicer for the receivables
and this securitization transaction. Ford Credit will be responsible for all servicing functions, except that the indenture trustee will
be responsible for making payments to the noteholders based on information and calculations provided by the servicer. Ford Credit has
been the servicer for its publicly-registered and broadly-distributed Rule 144A securitization programs for retail installment sale
contracts in the United States since it started securitizing in 1989. None of the asset-backed securities in these programs have experienced
any losses or events of default. Ford Credit has not had any material instances of noncompliance with the servicing criteria in its publicly-registered
securitization program for retail receivables.
Ford Credit services all the receivables it originates,
including receivables sold in securitizations and other structured financings. Ford Credit uses technologies and has comprehensive online
servicing policies and procedures that ensure common servicing practices and procedures are used for all receivables. These technologies,
practices and procedures are described in
"— Servicing and Collections"
below. Servicing personnel do not know
if a given receivable they are servicing has been included in a securitization transaction.
Ford Credit's servicing and collections systems
maintain records for all receivables, track application of payments and maintain relevant information on the obligors and account status.
The systems also capture communications with obligors and allow management to review collection personnel activities.
As is customary in the servicing industry, Ford
Credit engages vendors, which may be affiliates, to perform some servicing processes. These processes include processing monthly lockbox
payments from obligors, providing telephonic and internet payment systems, monitoring notation of Ford Credit's lien on certificates of
title and other documents for financed vehicles, imaging obligor documents, storing and processing paper and electronic contracts and
certificates of title, providing obligor communications and notifications and early stage collections support, communicating with obligors
in languages other than English, recovering deficiencies for selected accounts and performing data entry and administrative functions.
Ford Credit requires all vendors to follow processes set by Ford Credit or agreed to between Ford Credit and the vendor and regularly
monitors them for compliance. Vendors do not have the discretion to make decisions that would materially affect agreed on processes, amounts
collected or the timing for amounts applied to obligor accounts. Ford Credit believes these vendors could be replaced, if necessary. Some
vendors perform their services from locations outside the United States.
Ford Credit also contracts with a network of outside
contractors to repossess vehicles and to collect some deficiencies for charged off accounts. These contractors are monitored for compliance
with the contracts, but due to the nature of these relationships, these contractors follow their own procedures.
51
Ford Credit uses online auctions and auction houses engaged by Ford
to prepare and sell repossessed vehicles at auction.
As servicer of this securitization transaction,
Ford Credit will prepare monthly investor reports, provide payment instructions to the indenture trustee and prepare annual compliance
reports.
Servicing and Collections
General
.
Nearly all Ford Credit personnel that service the receivables primarily work outside of Ford Credit's facilities in a fully remote
work environment. Ford Credit's servicing operations are divided into three areas — account services, collections and vehicle liquidations.
The account services area handles the processing of non-collection related customer requests. The collections area has two main functions
 — early stage delinquency, which includes account maintenance, and late stage delinquency, which focuses on loss prevention. The
vehicle liquidations area manages the disposal of repossessed vehicles. Ford Credit's collections operations are supported by workforce
scheduling software, call monitoring software, auto dialing technology, collection systems and workflow operating systems.
Ford Credit's customer
service personnel handle inbound customer calls and Ford Credit maintains a specialty service department for collection of charged off
accounts. Ford Credit uses specialty teams in its servicing operations for some functions such as total loss insurance claims, vehicle
skip tracing, multiple account customers, accounts with bankrupt obligors, repossession and repossession reinstatements. Additionally,
Ford Credit
's dedicated commercial operating team handles account services and collections for its commercial use portfolio.
Payments and
Application of Payments.
Ford Credit encourages obligors to make payments electronically, including through direct debit,
online payment applications or telephone payment. Obligors who do not pay electronically are instructed to send their monthly payments
to one of several lockbox locations.
Ford Credit applies almost all payments that are
received before the designated processing time on each business day to an obligor's account on the day payment is received. By the end
of the next business day, Ford Credit researches, matches and applies most payments that do not include enough information to match an
account. A specialized group at Ford Credit researches, matches and applies the remaining small number of payments that have not been
matched to an account.
If a payment is applied to an obligor's account
but is later reversed or if a misapplied payment is reversed or corrected, an account may have negative collections for the period.
Obligors may prepay their contracts by making partial
prepayments in multiple small amounts or larger lump sum payments at any time. These partial prepayments result in the receivable being
paid ahead and no payment being due for a period of time that is typically one or two months but may be longer depending on the amount
of the prepayment. Many obligors continue to make their monthly payments even though no payment is due.
Obligors may also request payoff quotes at any
time. If a payment is received that pays the remaining principal amount outstanding on an account, except up to $49.99, Ford Credit will
consider the account paid in full and the remaining amount is written off. If the payoff shortage is greater than $49.99, the account
will not be closed until the shortage has been paid or waived according to the servicing procedures.
Ford Credit also writes off the remaining amount
if the obligor dies and the estate of the deceased obligor meets requirements that include returning the vehicle.
Behavioral
Scoring Models.
Ford Credit uses behavioral scoring models to assess the probability of payment default for each receivable
and implements collection efforts based on its determination of the credit risk of the obligor on the payment due date. These models assess
a number of variables including origination characteristics, customer account history, payment patterns, expected net losses and periodically
updated FICO
®
scores, if applicable. Based on data from these models, receivables are grouped by risk category for collection.
These categories determine how soon an obligor will be
52
contacted after a payment becomes delinquent,
how often the obligor will be contacted during the delinquency and how long the account will remain in early stage collections before
it is transferred to late stage collections where dedicated customer service representatives follow the account until the delinquency
is resolved. Ford Credit develops new behavioral scoring models on a regular cycle plan and regularly reviews the models to confirm the
continued business significance and statistical predictability of the variables. Ford Credit may make adjustments to improve the performance
of the behavioral scoring models between development cycles by uniformly changing the overall scores or modifying the weighting of selected
variables
.
Servicing and
Collections.
Most of the receivables are paid without any additional servicing or collection efforts. If an account becomes
delinquent, Ford Credit will attempt to contact the obligor to determine the reason for the delinquency and identify the obligor's plans
to resolve the delinquency. A number of communication methods are employed by Ford Credit to contact obligors whose accounts are delinquent
and encourage a resolution to the delinquencies, including auto dialing technology, directed telephone calls, email and text messaging.
Ford Credit considers an account to be delinquent if more than a specified amount of a scheduled payment is past due (currently $49.99,
although such amount may change from time to time as provided in Ford Credit's servicing procedures, but will not exceed 15% of the scheduled
payment). Accounts with bankrupt obligors, accounts in repossession status and accounts that have been charged off are not considered
delinquent because they are removed from Ford Credit's standard servicing process or have been accelerated. Ford Credit assesses a late
fee to delinquent accounts after a grace period has ended. Most delinquent accounts are resolved because the obligor makes the past due
payment. If the obligor cannot make the past due payment, in certain cases Ford Credit may grant a payment extension to allow an obligor
to continue to make the normal monthly payments or the obligor may request and process a payment extension online.
A payment extension defers one or more past due
payments and moves the scheduled maturity date by the number of months extended. Generally, Ford Credit grants payment extensions to obligors
in monthly increments up to three months. The length of a typical payment extension is two months. Multiple payment extensions may be
given over the term of the contract. After a payment extension, the account generally is no longer considered delinquent. Ford Credit's
guidelines for granting a payment extension generally require that the obligor's payment problem is temporary, the obligor has an income
source for making the next payment and the obligor made at least one payment since the contract's origination. Payment extensions are
reviewed regularly by Ford Credit's servicing managers. When allowed by state law, Ford Credit usually collects a fee on payment extensions
and additional interest will be earned on the extended contracts. Ford Credit normally grants payment extensions on about 1% to 2% of
the retail installment contracts in its portfolio each month.
Alternatively, if the obligor cannot make the past
due payments, Ford Credit may rewrite the contract by amortizing the obligor's outstanding balance over a longer contract term, which
may result in the capitalization of previously accrued interest on the contract. In most circumstances, the contract is rewritten at a
different interest rate. Ford Credit's guidelines for granting rewrites include requirements that the obligor has a stable source of income
and that all original parties remain on the contract and sign an amendment to the contract unless authorized personnel approve an exception
to these requirements. Ford Credit may reschedule an obligor's payments if the obligor makes a large prepayment or a large insurance payment
is received. A reschedule generally means a reduction of the amount of the monthly payment over the same or shorter contract term.
From time to time Ford Credit may offer goodwill
extensions to obligors whose contracts meet certain eligibility criteria established by Ford Credit. For example, an extension of up to
three months may be offered to obligors who live in an area affected by a flood, hurricane, wildfire or tornado. In the servicer’s
experience, the acceptance rate for these goodwill extension offers is generally less than 5%. Ford Credit also may offer administrative
extensions for one month.
Ford Credit may allow an obligor to change the
monthly payment due date typically by not more than 30 days over the life of the contract, if, for example, the day on which the obligor
is paid by their employer changes. A due date change is generally not allowed for delinquent accounts and may not be used to bring an
account current. A due date change is not considered to be a payment extension.
53
Occasionally, Ford Credit allows a change to the
obligors on the contract by releasing a co-obligor or adding a new obligor who may assume the contract with the original obligor either
still obligated or released from the terms of the contract. In rare instances, Ford Credit may permit a substitution of the financed vehicle
with a vehicle of similar value.
In limited circumstances, Ford Credit may cancel
its purchase of a contract if there are mistakes that cannot be corrected or to resolve an issue with a customer. In the case of such
a cancellation, all payments and fees are reversed, including rate subvention, the contract is returned to the dealer, and Ford Credit's
lien on the financed vehicle is released.
Ford Credit uses periodic management reports on
delinquencies, payment extensions, reschedules, rewrites and other measurements and operating audits to maintain control over the use
of collection actions. Ford Credit regularly tests new servicing procedures on controlled portions of its receivables to develop and refine
its servicing procedures. Areas tested include timing and frequency of collection calls and when it is more effective for the early stage
delinquency team or the late stage delinquency team to contact the obligor. If a test shows that a new procedure is an improvement over
the existing procedure, the new servicing procedure is applied to the entire portfolio. Ford Credit's servicing policies and procedures
may change over time.
Customer Service
and Complaint Handling.
Ford Credit provides general account services to customers who contact its customer service personnel
by phone, chat, email or in writing. Services provided include processing address and due date changes, handling title paperwork if the
customer moves to a different state, providing account payoff information and early stage collection support. The customer service personnel
also support Ford Credit's online account manager application that allows customers to manage their accounts by making payments, updating
their information, such as address and phone number, and requesting payment and goodwill extensions.
Ford Credit sometimes receives complaints from
customers about the origination and servicing of their contracts, including complaints about dealers that sold the financed vehicles to
customers. Customer complaints are handled by customer service and collections personnel, including a dedicated customer relations team,
who are experienced and authorized to resolve customer issues. These personnel use a defined escalation process to ensure customers have
a means to further address concerns. All complaints received are entered into a complaint tracking system for tracking, reporting and
regulatory purposes. Reports are monitored by senior operations management and the compliance function to promote uniform, consistent
and timely handling and to identify and implement process improvements.
Repossession
and Charge Off
.
Ford Credit makes reasonable efforts to collect on delinquent accounts and to keep contracts current.
Repossession is considered only after other collection efforts have failed. While some delinquent obligors voluntarily surrender their
vehicles to Ford Credit, self-help repossession is the method used by Ford Credit in most cases and usually occurs by an independent contractor
taking possession of the financed vehicle. On average, Ford Credit repossesses the financed vehicle when the account is between 60 and
70 days delinquent, but may do so earlier or later depending on the risk of the account or other circumstances. Following repossession,
the obligor may redeem the vehicle and, in some states, may reinstate its contract under a mandatory reinstatement right before the vehicle
is sold. To minimize credit losses, Ford Credit may allow some obligors to reinstate their contracts in states where there is no mandatory
reinstatement right
.
When repossessed vehicles are sold, the vast majority
are sold at a physical or online auction and the net sale proceeds are applied to the outstanding balance of the contract. Ford Credit
works with the vehicle remarketing department of Ford to manage the disposal of repossessed vehicles and seeks to maximize net sale proceeds,
which equals gross auction proceeds less auction fees and expenses for reconditioning and transporting the vehicle to auction. On average,
vehicles are sold at auction within 45 to 60 days of repossession. A small number of repossessed vehicles are sold or settled through
other means. For example, some heavily damaged vehicles are sold for salvage or scrap and some vehicles receive a settlement amount from
an insurance company due to a total loss claim filed on the repossessed vehicle. Also, some vehicles with a limited resale market, such
as some medium and heavy trucks and vehicles with specialty equipment, may be sold through a targeted bidding process to maximize net
sale proceeds.
54
After standard collection efforts are exhausted
and all collections, including net sale proceeds, refunds on cancelled service contracts and insurance products and insurance claims,
are applied, Ford Credit charges off any remaining balance owed by the obligor. In a limited number of cases, an obligor or a financed
vehicle cannot be located after skip tracing and the remaining balance owed by the obligor is charged off as a skip account.
Ford Credit continues to pursue collection of deficiency
balances and skip accounts after charge off through its specialty service department for charged off contracts. Collection activities
generally are continued until the contract is paid or settled in full, the contract is determined to be uncollectible due to bankruptcy
of the obligor, or the obligor dies and the estate of the deceased obligor meets certain requirements that include returning the vehicle
or the statute of limitations on claims under the contract expires. After several cycles of collection activity on charged off contracts,
Ford Credit may sell them as a final effort to realize value. Ford Credit may decide not to pursue further collection of the contract
if the expected cost of collection exceeds the balance owed by the obligor.
Ford Credit may release the security interest in
the financed vehicle to an insurer to receive proceeds from insurance covering the financed vehicle, as part of a discounted settlement
of the contract or in connection with abandoning its rights in the financed vehicle.
Bankruptcy
Accounts
.
When Ford Credit is notified that an obligor has filed for bankruptcy, the account is moved to a specialty
team that handles accounts with bankrupt obligors. Restrictions of the U.S. federal bankruptcy laws, including the automatic stay, generally
prohibit Ford Credit from taking any collection action against the obligor or the financed vehicle without court approval. In a Chapter
7 proceeding, the most common form of bankruptcy, the obligor is generally required to reaffirm its obligations, redeem the financed vehicle
for a lump sum or return the financed vehicle in satisfaction of the secured portion of the creditor’s claim. If a contract is reaffirmed
by the obligor, it will be returned to normal servicing after the obligor is discharged from bankruptcy. In a Chapter 13 proceeding, the
plan of reorganization usually requires the obligor to make payments over a three-year to five-year period. The payments required are
usually based on the full contract balance but may be based on the value of the financed vehicle at the time of bankruptcy, if the statutory
period has passed between the obligor's purchase of the financed vehicle and the bankruptcy filing and the debt was incurred for personal
use by the obligor. When the payments required under the plan of reorganization are completed and any additional legal requirements are
satisfied, the obligor is discharged from liability for any remaining balance under the contract and Ford Credit charges off any remaining
balance.
Delinquency, Repossession and Credit Loss Information
The following tables show Ford Credit's delinquency,
repossession and credit loss information for its portfolio of retail installment sale contracts. The tables include contracts sold in
securitizations and other transactions that Ford Credit continues to service. Delinquencies, repossessions or credit losses may be influenced
by a variety of economic, social, geographic and other factors beyond the control of Ford Credit. It is not certain that the delinquency,
repossession or credit loss information of a particular pool of retail installment sale contracts will be similar to the historical information
shown below or that any trends shown in the tables will continue for any period. It is also uncertain that the historical delinquency,
repossession and credit loss information included in the tables below will accurately predict or be similar to the performance of Ford
Credit's portfolio of retail installment sale contracts or particular pools of retail installment sale contracts in the near future.
55
Delinquency, Repossession and Credit Loss Information
56
Repossessions
and Credit Losses
57
Delinquency, repossession and credit loss trends
for Ford Credit’s portfolio of retail installment sale contracts can be affected by extrinsic events and Ford Credit’s response
to such events, as well as by business cycles and auction values for used vehicles. For example, following the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic
in early 2020, Ford Credit granted goodwill extensions to obligors and temporarily suspended involuntary repossessions of financed vehicles
from obligors, which contributed to a decline in 30-day delinquency and repossessions
.
Delinquency, repossession and credit
loss trends for Ford Credit's portfolio of retail installment sale contracts can also be affected by cyclical events like the business
cycle, seasonal trends such as auction values and other variables. For example, in periods where Ford Credit originates many new contracts
leading to portfolio growth, the weighted average months after origination, or "seasoning," of its portfolio generally declines.
This can have a positive influence on repossession and credit loss outcomes in subsequent periods.
The trends in delinquency, repossession
and credit losses for commercial use contracts purchased by Ford Credit have historically tended to be consistent with the trends in Ford
Credit's entire portfolio of retail installment sale contracts. Commercial use obligors are generally small businesses or self-employed
persons, and these obligors may experience more severe loss performance than the overall Ford Credit portfolio in an economic or industry-specific
downturn.
Certain segments of Ford Credit's
portfolio of retail installment sale contracts may at times perform differently from the portfolio as a whole on account of factors that
may be more closely associated with those segments than with the entire portfolio. For example, the delinquency and repossession performance
for 84-month contracts purchased by Ford Credit has historically been better than the same trends for Ford Credit's entire portfolio of
retail installment sale contracts. The comparatively positive performance of Ford Credit's portfolio of 84-month contracts is due, in
part, to the relatively limited and creditworthy segment of applicants to whom Ford Credit has historically offered that product and the
comparably short seasoning of those contracts. However, the average net loss on 84-month contracts charged off has historically been higher
than the entire portfolio of retail installment sale contracts because those 84-month contracts have a slower rate of amortization over
the receivable's longer term, typically have a higher amount financed at charge off and/or repossession and are usually associated with
a higher loan-to-value ratio, although 84-month contracts have been less frequently charged off or repossessed.
Delinquencies, repossessions
and credit losses are shown as a percentage of Ford Credit's portfolio of retail installment sale contracts. The delinquency, repossession
and credit loss percentages for a particular pool of contracts originated in any period may differ from the portfolio percentages shown
in the table above
.
Material Changes to Servicing Policies and Procedures
As part of its regular cycle plan, Ford Credit
launched new behavioral scoring models for its:
In August 2021,
Ford Credit formalized a fully remote work pattern for nearly all servicing personnel in the United States, but maintains physical locations
to accommodate in-person work as needed
.
For more details about Ford Credit's servicing
policies and procedures, you should read "Sponsor and Servicer — Servicing and Collections."
58
Demands to Repurchase Receivables – Prior Securitized Pools
The transaction documents for prior securitizations
of retail installment sale contracts sponsored by Ford Credit require Ford Credit or the depositor to repurchase a receivable for breach
of a representation made about that receivable that has a material adverse effect on the receivable and is not corrected before the date
the receivable is required to be repurchased. During the three-year period ended June 30, 2024, neither Ford Credit nor any of the
depositors, the indenture trustees or the owner trustees for those securitizations received a demand to repurchase any receivable in those
securitizations. Ford Credit, as securitizer, discloses all repurchase demands and related activity on SEC Form ABS-15G. Ford Credit
filed its most recent Form ABS-15G for repurchase demands related to the three-year period ended December 31, 2023, with the
SEC on February 5, 2024. Ford Credit's CIK number is 0000038009.
Static Pool Information – Prior Securitized Pools
Annex A contains static pool information about
prior amortizing pools of retail installment sale contracts securitized by Ford Credit. The information in Annex A consists of summary
information about the original characteristics of the prior securitized pools and a graphical presentation of cumulative losses, prepayments
and delinquency data for each prior securitized pool. The original characteristics of the prior securitized pools may differ somewhat
from each other and from the characteristics of the pool of receivables in this securitization transaction. This is because Ford Credit's
portfolio of retail installment sale contracts, from which the securitized pools are selected, changes over time in response to changing
economic and market conditions, although such changes generally occur gradually. Over the period covered by the prior securitized pools,
newer securitized pools have generally exhibited higher FICO
®
scores, and higher payment-to-income ratios than older securitized
pools, although changes between each successive pool have generally not been significant. As a result, prior securitized pools are generally
comparable to the pool of receivables in this securitization transaction, however, the oldest prior securitized pools generally have the
largest differences in characteristics to the pool of receivables in this securitization transaction.
Despite the differences in characteristics among
the prior securitized pools, the performance of the related securitization transactions has been generally consistent over time, and any
difference in performance in the pool of receivables in this securitization transaction compared to prior securitized pools may be more
influenced by general macroeconomic conditions than differences in characteristics.
In addition, although the selection criteria used
for the retail installment sale contracts in the prior securitized pools have changed over time to accommodate new financing products,
increased vehicle pricing and changes in securitization market practices, these changes do not diminish the general comparability of the
prior securitized pools to the pool of receivables in this securitization transaction. Losses, prepayments and delinquencies for the pool
of receivables in this securitization transaction may differ from the information shown in Annex A for prior securitized pools.
Receivables
The following description of the receivables
summarizes parts of the transaction documents, including the receivables purchase agreement, the sale and servicing agreement, the indenture
and the asset representations review agreement, but is not a complete description of these agreements. For more details about the transaction
documents, you should read the forms of the transaction documents that are included as exhibits to the registration statement filed with
the SEC that includes this prospectus.
Trust Assets
The primary assets of the trust will be a pool
of receivables consisting of retail installment sale contracts secured by new and used cars, light trucks and utility vehicles. On the
closing date, Ford Credit will sell the receivables and other related assets to the depositor, and the depositor will sell the receivables
and other related assets to the trust. The trust assets will be pledged by the trust to the indenture trustee for the benefit of the noteholders.
59
The trust
assets
will be:
The "initial pool balance" for the trust
will be the aggregate principal balance of the receivables on the cutoff date. The "pool balance" as of the last day of any
month will be the aggregate principal balance of the receivables on that day excluding purchased and repurchased receivables. The "principal
balance" of a receivable as of the cutoff date or the last day of any month means the amount financed, less:
Selection of Receivables
The receivables were
randomly selected by Ford Credit from its U.S. portfolio of retail installment sale contracts that meet the selection criteria as of the
cutoff date. Ford Credit did not use selection procedures believed to be adverse to the noteholders in selecting the receivables from
its portfolio of receivables. The selection criteria include that each receivable
:
60
Simple Interest Receivables
All of the receivables
will be simple interest, fixed rate receivables. A "simple interest receivable" amortizes the amount financed or principal balance
of the receivable over a series of level monthly payments. Payments under a simple interest
receivable are applied first to interest
accrued to the date of payment and then to reduce the principal balance. Each payment consists of interest (if the APR is greater than
0.00%) and a portion of the principal balance of the receivable. The interest amount of a payment is calculated by multiplying the unpaid
principal balance of the receivable by its APR and by the number of days (as a fraction of a calendar year) since the prior payment was
made. The principal amount of a payment will be equal to the remainder of the payment. A simple interest receivable may be prepaid without
penalty, but the obligor will be required to pay interest to the date of prepayment.
If an obligor makes a payment before its scheduled
due date, the portion of the payment applied to interest will be less than it would have been had the payment been made as scheduled because
less interest will have accrued, and the portion of the payment applied to reduce the principal balance will be correspondingly greater.
Conversely, if an obligor makes a payment after its scheduled due date, the portion of the payment applied to interest will be greater
than it would have been had the payment been made as scheduled because more interest will have accrued, and the portion of the payment
applied to reduce the principal balance will be correspondingly less.
All of the receivables have level monthly payments.
The obligor pays a fixed monthly payment until the final maturity date. The amount of the final payment is increased or decreased as necessary
to repay the then unpaid principal balance due to the timing of payments made over the term of the contract, payment extensions or partial
prepayments.
61
Composition of Receivables
The following tables show the characteristics or
distributions of some characteristics of the pool of receivables, if the aggregate initial principal amount of the notes to be issued
is $1,315,790,000 on the cutoff date. The percentages in the following tables may not sum to 100.00% due to rounding.
62
63
Distribution by Original Term of Receivables
if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,315,790,000
Distribution by
FICO
®
Score of Receivables
(1)
if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,315,790,000
64
Distribution by
LTV of Receivables
if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,315,790,000
Distribution by
PTI of Receivables
if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,315,790,000
65
Distribution by
APR of Receivables
if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,315,790,000
Geographic Distribution
of Receivables
(1)
if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,315,790,000
66
Distribution by
Make, Model and Vehicle Type of Receivables
(1)
if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,315,790,000
_______________
Distribution by
Powertrain of Receivables
if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,315,790,000
______________
67
The following tables show the characteristics or
distributions of some characteristics of the pool of receivables, if the aggregate initial principal amount of the notes to be issued
is $1,578,940,000 on the cutoff date. The percentages in the following tables may not sum to 100.00% due to rounding.
68
69
Distribution by Original Term of Receivables
if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,578,940,000
_______________
Distribution by
FICO
®
Score of Receivables
(1)
if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,578,940,000
_______________
70
Distribution by
LTV of Receivables
if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,578,940,000
Distribution by
PTI of Receivables
if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,578,940,000
71
Distribution by
APR of Receivables
if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,578,940,000
Geographic Distribution
of Receivables
(1)
if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,578,940,000
72
Distribution by
Make, Model and Vehicle Type of Receivables
(1)
if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,578,940,000
Distribution by
Powertrain of Receivables
if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,578,940,000
73
Initial Asset-Level Data
The depositor prepared asset-level data for the
receivables relating to the issuance of notes with an aggregate initial principal amount of $1,315,790,000 and for the receivables relating
to the issuance of notes with an aggregate initial principal amount of $1,578,940,000, or, in each case, the "initial asset-level
data," and related information and filed it with the SEC on separate Form ABS-EEs by the date of filing of this prospectus as
exhibits to such Form ABS-EE. Each Form ABS-EE, and the related information attached as exhibits to the form, is incorporated
by reference into this prospectus. The initial asset-level data contains detailed information for each receivable about its identification,
origination, contract terms, financed vehicle, obligor, contract and payment activity, servicing and status. Certain data in the initial
asset-level data, such as data related to original term and remaining term, may not match the data provided in this prospectus due to
differences in how this data is required to be calculated for the initial asset-level data and how this data is calculated for this prospectus.
Investors should carefully review the initial asset-level data and related information attached as exhibits to each Form ABS-EE.
For more details about the monthly asset-level
data, you should read "Monthly Reports."
Depositor Review of Receivables
The depositor performed a review of the receivables
designed and effected to provide reasonable assurance that the disclosures about the receivables in this prospectus, including the initial
asset-level data, are accurate in all material respects. This review consisted of a statistical data review, a contract review, reviews
of data and information by securitization funding personnel and reviews of factual information by senior management and legal office personnel
of Ford Credit, and is supported by Ford Credit's business and systems control processes. The depositor consulted with, and was assisted
by, responsible personnel of Ford Credit in performing the review. The depositor also engaged a third party to assist it in its statistical
data review and the contract review using procedures designed and established by the depositor and determined by the depositor to be sufficient
for purposes of its review of the receivables. The depositor takes full responsibility for the review of the receivables, the work performed
by Ford Credit and third parties and the findings and conclusions of that review.
The depositor completed a multistep quality assurance
review of the receivables selected for this securitization transaction in which Ford Credit securitization funding personnel applied systemic
and manual filters to confirm that the receivables meet the selection criteria described in
"Receivables –Selection of Receivables"
as of the cutoff date. As part of the pool selection process, certain data and information about the receivables that was transferred
from Ford Credit's receivables system and other system sources to Ford Credit's securitization system, including the initial asset-level
data, was systematically verified back to the source systems and the depositor found no discrepancies.
The pool composition and stratification tables
in
"Summary — Receivables"
and
"Receivables — Composition of Receivables"
were systematically
created by Ford Credit's securitization system or calculated from data in Ford Credit's securitization system or other source data by
Ford Credit's securitization funding personnel. Ford Credit securitization funding personnel reviewed and verified the data and information
in these tables as consistent with the data and information from Ford Credit's securitization system and other source data. In addition,
the data and information in these tables were recalculated and confirmed to be consistent with the data and information from the securitization
system and other source data. To the extent applicable, the data and information in these tables were confirmed to be consistent with
the initial asset-level data. The depositor found no discrepancies in the pool composition and stratification tables.
The depositor reviewed a sample of 125 contract
files randomly selected from the retail installment sale contracts, each of which are included in the two receivables pools described
in this prospectus, and compared specific contract information in the sample contracts relevant to the data and information about the
receivables in this prospectus to the same information in Ford Credit's receivables system. The depositor found two errors out of 2,250
data points reviewed or compared in the sample contracts. The depositor considers that the review indicates no systemic errors in the
receivables data or other errors that could have a material adverse effect on the data and information about the receivables in this prospectus.
Receivables systems data for the sample of 125 contract files was also compared against the initial asset-level data.
74
The depositor confirmed with senior management
and legal office personnel of Ford Credit that they performed a comprehensive management and legal review of the information about the
receivables in this prospectus. Senior managers and legal office personnel reviewed and confirmed as accurate the descriptions of the
general information about the receivables and how they were originated. Ford Credit legal office personnel also reviewed and confirmed
that the descriptions of the material terms of the receivables accurately reflect the terms of the forms of retail installment sale contracts
purchased by Ford Credit, that the descriptions of the legal and regulatory considerations that may materially affect the performance
of the receivables accurately reflect current federal and state law and regulations and case law precedents and that the summary of the
representations and the remedies available for breach of these representations accurately reflect the terms of the securitization transaction
documents.
The depositor's review of the receivables, including
the initial asset-level data, is supported by Ford Credit's extensive control processes used in the day-to-day operation of its business.
These controls include financial reporting controls required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, regular internal reviews of key business functions,
including receivables contract purchasing, servicing and systems processing, controls to verify compliance with procedures and legal requirements,
and quality assurance reviews for credit decisions, contract purchases and securitization processes. In addition, Ford Credit uses an
integrated network of computer applications to ensure that information about the receivables is accurately entered, captured and maintained
in its receivables and other systems and accurately transferred among its systems. These computer systems are subject to change control
processes, automated controls testing and control review programs to determine whether systems controls are operating effectively and
accurately. All of these controls and procedures ensure integrity of data and information and accuracy of securitization disclosures.
After completion of the review described above,
the depositor concluded that it has reasonable assurance that the disclosure about the receivables in this prospectus, including the initial
asset-level data, is accurate in all material respects.
Representations About Receivables
As sponsor, Ford Credit will make representations
to the depositor about each receivable. Generally, these representations relate to the origination of the receivable, the characteristics
of the receivable, legal compliance, terms of the contract and status of the contract, as well as the selection criteria described in
"— Selection of Receivables"
above. In addition, the representations include:
In addition, Ford Credit will make representations
about the entire pool of receivables and other property sold to the depositor, including that:
The depositor will make similar representations
to the trust about each receivable and the pool of receivables and other property.
75
Obligation to Repurchase Receivables
If any representation made by Ford Credit or the
depositor about a receivable was untrue when made, the receivable was not eligible to be sold by Ford Credit to the depositor or by the
depositor to the trust. If either Ford Credit or the depositor knows, or receives notice from the trust, the owner trustee or the indenture
trustee of a claim to the effect that any representation made about a receivable was untrue when made, Ford Credit must investigate whether
a breach of that representation has occurred, and if so and if the breach has a material adverse effect on the receivable, Ford Credit
or the depositor must repurchase the receivable. In addition, a noteholder may make a request or demand that a receivable be repurchased
due to a breach of a representation made about the receivables and the indenture trustee will notify Ford Credit of any noteholder request
or demand it receives.
Ford Credit and the depositor will be considered
to know about a breach if a responsible person of Ford or Ford Credit knows of the breach. A "responsible person" of a party
is a designated employee or officer of the party who is responsible for this securitization transaction. Ford Credit and the depositor
will designate to the indenture trustee their responsible persons for this purpose.
None of the indenture trustee, the owner trustee,
the asset representations reviewer or the servicer are obligated to monitor the receivables or investigate whether any representations
have been breached.
If Ford Credit or the depositor knows of a breach
or receives notice of a breach, a repurchase request or demand or a review report from the asset representations reviewer indicating that
a test was failed for a receivable, Ford Credit or the depositor will investigate the receivable or receivables to confirm the breach
and determine if it has a material adverse effect on any receivable. Ford Credit will report any fulfilled and unfulfilled requests to
repurchase receivables and related activity and status on SEC Form ABS-15G, as required by the Securities Exchange Act.
If a repurchase is required, Ford Credit or the
depositor will repurchase the receivable on the first payment date after the month in which it obtained knowledge or was notified of the
breach or, at its option, on the next payment date, unless it corrects the breach in all material respects before that payment date. On
that payment date, Ford Credit or the depositor will repurchase the receivable, effective as of the last day of the second prior month
by depositing in the collection account an amount generally equal to the remaining principal balance of the receivable plus 30 days of
interest at the related APR.
These repurchase obligations will be the sole remedy
of the trust, the indenture trustee and the noteholders for any losses resulting from breaches of the representations of Ford Credit or
the depositor about the receivables.
Asset Representations Review
If two factual conditions, which we refer to as
 "triggers," are met, the asset representations reviewer will perform a review of receivables to test for compliance with the
representations made by Ford Credit and the depositor about the receivables. The first trigger is a "delinquency trigger" that
will occur if the aggregate principal balance of receivables in the pool that are more than 60 days delinquent as a percentage of the
pool balance as of the end of a month meets or exceeds the percentage for that month set by Ford Credit as described in "
—
Delinquency Trigger
" below. If the delinquency trigger occurs, it will be reported on the investor report and reported in the
Form 10-D for that month. The second trigger is a "voting trigger" that will be met if, after the occurrence of a delinquency
trigger, the noteholders of at least 5% of the principal amount of notes demand a vote and, subject to a 5% voting quorum, the noteholders
of a majority of the principal amount of the notes that are voted vote to direct a review.
76
Delinquency
Trigger.
The "delinquency trigger" will be 0.80% for the first 12 months after the cutoff date, 1.30% for the
next 12 months, 2.40% for the next 12 months and 4.75% for the remaining months that the notes are outstanding. Ford Credit developed
the delinquency trigger by considering the monthly greater than 60-day delinquency rate of retail installment sale contracts observed
in its prior securitized pools in this program from 2006 through December of the prior calendar year. The delinquency rate is calculated
as the aggregate principal balance of the receivables that are more than 60 days delinquent as a percentage of the pool balance as of
the end of a month. For this purpose, a "delinquent" receivable is a receivable with more than a specified amount of a scheduled
payment past due (currently $49.99, although such amount may change from time to time as provided in Ford Credit's servicing procedures,
but will not exceed 15% of the scheduled payment), including receivables with bankrupt obligors but excluding receivables in repossession
status or that have been charged off by the servicer according to its servicing procedures.
Annually, Ford Credit reviews monthly delinquency
percentages from these prior securitization transactions and uses this data to construct a delinquency curve which it believes, given
the consistency of its origination and servicing practices, represents a reasonable expected case delinquency curve for the receivables
over economic cycles. To derive the delinquency trigger, Ford Credit applies a multiple of 3.0 to the average of the maximum and minimum
observed delinquency percentages, or the "midrange delinquency rate," observed at month 12, month 24, month 36 and month 48,
and then rounds the resulting percentages up to the nearest multiple of 0.05%. By establishing these multiples consistent with, or within,
the multiples of expected cumulative net losses that the Class C notes are expected to be able to withstand without a loss, Ford
Credit believes the delinquency trigger is an appropriate threshold at the point when noteholders may benefit from an asset representations
review. The delinquency trigger starts at a lower level for the first year and increases in each of the following three years of the securitization
transaction to reflect the historical shape of the delinquency curve in Ford Credit's prior securitization transactions. This provides
a more conservative delinquency trigger level early in this securitization transaction's life, when rising delinquencies may cause concern
about whether the representations made about the receivables are true and when noteholders may benefit most from an asset representations
review.
Ford Credit believes that the delinquency trigger
is appropriate based on:
For Ford Credit's prior securitized pools from
2006 through December of the prior calendar year, the percentage of receivables that have been more than 60 days delinquent at month
12 have ranged from 0.06% to 0.46%, at month 24 have ranged from 0.15% to 0.71%, at month 36 have ranged from 0.27% to 1.30% and at month
48 have ranged from 0.85% to 2.31%. The following chart shows the monthly percentages of receivables more than 60 days delinquent in Ford
Credit's prior securitized pools and the midrange delinquency rate observed in each period for these prior securitized pools from 2006
through December of the prior calendar year compared to the delinquency trigger established for this securitization transaction.
77
Voting Trigger.
If the delinquency trigger occurs on the last day of a month, a noteholder may demand that the indenture trustee call a
vote of all noteholders on whether to direct the asset representations reviewer to perform a review. If noteholders of at least 5% of
the principal amount of the notes demand a vote within 90 days after the filing of the Form 10-D reporting the occurrence of the
delinquency trigger, the indenture trustee will submit the matter to a vote of all noteholders of record as of the most recent record
date through DTC. The vote will remain open until the 150th day after the filing of that Form 10-D. Assuming a voting quorum of noteholders
holding at least 5% of the principal amount of the notes is reached, if the noteholders of a majority of the principal amount of the notes
that are voted vote to direct a review, the indenture trustee will issue a review notice to the asset representations reviewer and the
servicer directing an asset review. If the requirements of the voting trigger are not met within these time periods, no review of the
receivables will be performed for that occurrence of the delinquency trigger.
Asset Representations
Review Process.
If the indenture trustee issues a review notice as described in the preceding paragraph, the asset representations
reviewer will perform the related review on all of the receivables that are more than 60 days delinquent at the end of the month prior
to the date of the issuance of direction. We refer to this set of receivables as the "review receivables." Within 60 days of
the receipt of a review notice, the servicer will give the asset representations reviewer access to the receivable files and other information
necessary for the review of all of the review receivables. Upon receiving access to the review materials, the asset representations reviewer
will start its review of the review receivables and complete its review within 60 days after receiving access to all review materials.
The review period may be extended by up to an additional 30 days if the asset representations reviewer detects missing review materials
that are subsequently provided within the 60-day period or requires clarification of any review materials or testing procedures. The review
will consist of performing specific tests for each representation and each review receivable and determining whether each test was passed
or failed. If the servicer notifies the asset representations reviewer that a review receivable was paid in full or repurchased from the
pool before the review report is delivered, the asset representations reviewer will terminate the tests of that review receivable and
the review of that review receivable will be considered complete.
The review tests were designed by Ford Credit to
determine whether a receivable was not in compliance with the representations made about it in the transaction documents at the relevant
time, which is usually at origination of the receivable or as of the cutoff date or closing date. There may be multiple tests for each
representation. The review is not designed to determine why the obligor is
78
delinquent or the creditworthiness of the obligor, either at the time
of the review or at origination of the receivable. The review is not designed to determine whether the receivable was serviced in compliance
with the sale and servicing agreement after the cutoff date. The review is not designed to establish cause, materiality or recourse for
any failed test. The review is not designed to determine whether Ford Credit's origination, underwriting, purchasing and servicing policies
and procedures are adequate, reasonable or prudent.
Review Report.
Within five days after the end of the review period, the asset representations reviewer will provide a report to the trust,
the servicer and the indenture trustee on the test results for each review receivable and each representation, including any review receivable
for which the tests were considered complete, and the related reason. The asset representations reviewer is not responsible for determining
whether noncompliance with any representation is a breach of the transaction documents or if any receivable is required to be repurchased.
On delivery of the review report, the asset representations
reviewer will be entitled to receive a review fee of up to $230 for each receivable tested in the review. On receipt of the report, the
review fee will be paid to the asset representations reviewer according to the priority of payments as described under
"Description
of the Notes — Priority of Payments
.
"
A summary of the report of the asset representations review will be included
in the Form 10-D for the trust in the next month.
For more information
about the asset representations reviewer, you should read "Transaction Parties
— Asset Representations Reviewer."
Dispute Resolution for Repurchase Requests
If a request is made for the repurchase of a receivable
due to a claim of a breach of a representation made about the receivables, and the request is not resolved within 180 days after Ford
Credit or the depositor receives notice of the repurchase request, the requesting party, including a noteholder, will have the right to
refer the matter, in its discretion, to either mediation (including non-binding arbitration) or binding third-party arbitration. The requesting
party must start the mediation or arbitration proceeding according to the rules of the mediation or arbitration organization within
90 days after the end of the 180-day period. Ford Credit and the depositor must agree to participate in the selected resolution method.
Dispute resolution to resolve repurchase requests will be available regardless of whether the noteholders voted to direct an asset representations
review or whether the delinquency trigger occurred. However, if the receivable subject to a repurchase request was part of an asset representations
review and the asset representations review report states that no tests were failed for the receivable, the repurchase request for the
receivable will be deemed to be resolved.
A mediation or arbitration will be administered
by The American Arbitration Association using its mediation or arbitration rules in effect at the time of the proceeding. If The
American Arbitration Association no longer exists, or if its rules would no longer permit mediation or arbitration of the dispute,
the matter will be administered by another nationally recognized mediation or arbitration organization selected by Ford Credit, using
its rules then in effect. However, if any rules of the mediation or arbitration organization are inconsistent with the procedures
for the mediation or arbitration stated in the transaction documents, the procedures in the transaction documents will control. Any mediation
or arbitration will be held in New York City at the offices of the mediator or arbitrator or at another location selected by Ford Credit
or the depositor. Any party or witness may appear by teleconference or video conference.
A single mediator or arbitrator will be selected
by the mediation or arbitration organization from a list of neutrals maintained by it according to its mediation or arbitration rules then
in effect. The mediator or arbitrator must be impartial, an attorney admitted to practice in the state of New York and have at least 15
years of experience in commercial litigation and, if possible, consumer finance or asset-backed securitization matters.
For a mediation, the proceeding will start within
15 days after selection of the mediator and conclude within 30 days after the start of the mediation. Expenses of the mediation will be
allocated among the parties as mutually agreed by the parties as part of the mediation. If the parties fail to agree at the completion
of the mediation, the requesting party may refer the repurchase request to arbitration.
79
For an arbitration, the arbitrator will establish
procedures and will have the authority to schedule, hear and determine motions made by the parties. Discovery will be scheduled for completion
within 30 days of selection of the arbitrator and the evidentiary hearing on the merits will start no later than 60 days after the selection
of the arbitrator and will proceed for no more than six consecutive business days with equal time allocated to each party for the presentation
of evidence and cross examination. The arbitrator may allow additional time for discovery and hearing on a showing of good cause or due
to unavoidable delays.
The arbitrator will make its final determination
in writing no later than 90 days after its selection. The arbitrator will not have the power to award punitive or consequential damages
or award remedies not consistent with the transaction documents. The arbitrator will determine and award the expenses of the arbitration
to the parties in its reasonable discretion. The final determination of the arbitrator will be final and non-appealable and may be entered
and enforced in any court with appropriate jurisdiction. By selecting arbitration, the requesting party is giving up its right to sue
in court, including the right to a trial by jury.
Neither the depositor nor the sponsor will be required
to produce personally identifiable customer information for purposes of any mediation or arbitration. Each party will agree to keep the
details of the repurchase request and the dispute resolution confidential.
Description
of the Notes
The trust will issue the notes under an indenture
between the trust and the indenture trustee. The following description summarizes the main terms of the notes and the indenture but is
not a complete description of the notes or the indenture. For more details about the notes and the indenture, you should read the form
of indenture that is included as an exhibit to the registration statement filed with the SEC that includes this prospectus.
Funds Available for Payments
Payments on the notes
will be made from "available funds," which for any payment date
generally will be equal to collections on the receivables
for the collection period, amounts paid to the trust by the depositor or Ford Credit to repurchase ineligible receivables or by the servicer
to purchase servicer impaired receivables or receivables modified by the servicer for the collection period and amounts withdrawn from
the reserve account. For each payment date, the "collection period" is the month preceding the payment date. For each collection
period, "collections" include (a) all principal and interest collected on the receivables and applied by the servicer during
the period, (b) all amounts received under physical damage, credit life and disability insurance on the financed vehicles or obligors,
(c) rebates of cancelled service contracts, insurance and similar products, (d) proceeds from the liquidation of financed vehicles,
or "liquidation proceeds," including net auction proceeds from the sale of repossessed vehicles and other amounts received on
defaulted accounts, and (e) net recoveries on charged off accounts.
This diagram shows the sources of available funds
for each payment date. Available funds, including amounts withdrawn from the reserve account to cover shortfalls, are the only funds that
will be used to make payments to the noteholders on each payment date.
80
Payments of Interest
General.
Interest will accrue on the notes at the per annum interest rate for each class stated on the cover of this prospectus and will be due
and payable to the noteholders on each payment date. The interest rate for the floating rate notes will be determined as described below
under
"— Floating Rate Benchmark Rate; Benchmark Transition Event."
Interest on the Class A-1 notes and the
floating rate notes will accrue on an "actual/360" basis from the prior payment date to the following payment date (or from
the closing date, for the first period). Interest on all other classes of notes will accrue on a "30/360" basis from the 15th
day of the prior month to the 15th day of the current month (or from the closing date to October 15, 2024, for the first period).
All interest due
but not paid on a payment date will be due on the next payment date, together with interest on the unpaid amount at the applicable interest
rate. Failure to pay interest that is due on the notes of the controlling class that
continues for five days after the payment
date will be an event of default. Failure to pay interest that is due on any class of notes that is not part of the controlling class
will not be an event of default.
The trust will pay interest on the notes on each
payment date from available funds. Interest will not be paid on any subordinated class of notes until interest due on more senior classes
of notes is paid in full.
If available funds, including the amount withdrawn
from the reserve account, are insufficient to pay all interest due on any class of notes on a payment date, each holder of that class
of notes will receive its pro rata share of the funds that are available. Any priority principal payments on more senior classes of notes
will be made before the payment of interest due on the Class B or Class C notes.
For more details about the priority of payments
made from available funds on each payment date, including priority payments of principal of senior classes of notes, you should read "—
Priority of Payments" below.
If the notes are accelerated after an event of
default, interest due on the subordinated classes of notes will not be paid until both interest on and principal of more senior classes
of notes are paid in full. For instance, interest due on the Class B notes will not be paid until interest on and principal of the
Class A notes are paid in full.
For more details about the payment priorities
after an acceleration of the notes, you should read "— Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments" below.
81
Floating Rate
Benchmark Rate; Benchmark Transition Event.
Interest on the floating rate notes will accrue at a floating rate based on
a benchmark rate initially based on the secured overnight financing rate, or "SOFR," published by the FRBNY but will be replaced
by the benchmark replacement following the occurrence of a benchmark transition event and its related benchmark replacement date as described
below. The benchmark rate will initially be "30-day average SOFR," which for any determination date is the average of the daily
SOFR for the preceding 30 calendar days, compounded daily on SOFR business days. The 30-day average SOFR rate will be obtained by the
calculation agent for each interest period by referring to a published source of the rate. The calculation agent will obtain 30-day average
SOFR for each interest period on the "SOFR determination date," which is the second SOFR business day before that interest period.
If a published 30-day average SOFR rate is unavailable on a SOFR determination date, the rate will be the 30-day average SOFR for the
most recent SOFR business day on which such rate was published. For purposes of calculating the SOFR rate, a "SOFR business day"
means a business day determined in accordance with the SOFR publication calendar of the FRBNY. All determinations of 30-day average SOFR
by the calculation agent, in absence of manifest error, will be conclusive and binding on the noteholders.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the trust determines
that a benchmark transition event and its related benchmark replacement date have occurred prior to the SOFR determination date or otherwise
prior to the determination date of the then-current benchmark, the benchmark replacement will replace the then-current benchmark for all
purposes relating to the floating rate notes in respect of such determination on such date and all determinations on all subsequent dates.
A "benchmark transition event" means
the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current benchmark:
A "benchmark replacement date" means:
The
"benchmark
replacement" will be the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the trust as of the benchmark replacement
date:
82
The
"corresponding
tenor" will be a tenor (including overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the applicable
tenor for the then-current benchmark.
The
"benchmark
replacement adjustment" will be the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the trust as of the
benchmark replacement date:
The
"unadjusted
benchmark replacement" is the benchmark replacement excluding the benchmark replacement adjustment.
The
"relevant
governmental body" is the Federal Reserve Board and/or the FRBNY, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve
Board and/or the FRBNY, or any successor thereto.
In connection with
the implementation of a benchmark replacement, the trust will have the right from time to time to make
"benchmark replacement
conforming changes," which are any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the timing and frequency
of determining rates, the process of making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that
the trust decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such benchmark replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market
practice (or, if the trust decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the trust
determines that no market practice for use of the benchmark replacement exists, in such other manner as the trust determines is reasonably
necessary).
Notice of the occurrence of a benchmark transition
event and its related benchmark replacement date, the determination of a benchmark replacement and the making of any benchmark conforming
changes will be included in the monthly investor report. Notwithstanding anything in the transaction documents to the contrary, upon the
inclusion of such information in the monthly investor report, the relevant transaction documents will be deemed to have been amended to
reflect the new unadjusted benchmark replacement, benchmark replacement adjustment and/or benchmark replacement conforming changes without
further compliance with the amendment provisions of the relevant transaction documents.
Any determination, decision or election that may
be made by the trust in connection with a benchmark transition event or a benchmark replacement as described above, including any determination
with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision
to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, may be made in the trust's
sole discretion, and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the transaction documents, will become effective without consent from
any other party. None of the trust, the owner trustee, the indenture trustee, the calculation agent, the administrator, the sponsor, the
depositor or the servicer will have any liability for any determination made by or on behalf of
83
the trust in connection with a benchmark transition event or a benchmark
replacement as described above, and each noteholder, by its acceptance of a note or a beneficial interest in a note, will be deemed to
waive and release any and all claims against the trust, the owner trustee, the indenture trustee, the calculation agent, the administrator,
the sponsor, the depositor or the servicer relating to any such determinations.
Payments of Principal
The trust will pay principal of the notes on each
payment date in the amounts described below. Principal will be paid sequentially to each class of notes in order of seniority, starting
with the Class A-1 notes. The Class A-2a notes and the Class A-2b notes are a single class with equal rights to payments
of principal and interest, which will be made on a pro rata basis. The trust will not pay principal of any class of notes until the principal
amounts of more senior classes are paid in full. Ford Credit expects the principal amount of each class of notes to be repaid by that
class's final scheduled payment date. If the principal amount of any class of notes is not paid in full by its final scheduled payment
date, an event of default will occur and the principal amount of all classes of notes may be declared immediately due and payable.
The Class A-1
notes benefit from a "turbo" feature that will apply available funds remaining after payment of the
senior fees and expenses
of the trust, interest due on the notes and any required deposits in the reserve account, including the portion of the remaining available
funds that is excess spread, to pay principal of the Class A-1 notes until paid in full. After the Class A-1 notes have been
paid in full, the trust will apply any remaining available funds to pay principal of the other classes of notes until the targeted overcollateralization
amount is reached before any funds will be distributed to the holder of the residual interest.
After the Class A-1 notes have been paid in
full and the targeted overcollateralization amount is reached, the trust will pay principal of the notes on each payment date generally
in an amount equal to the excess of (a) the principal amount of the notes as of the close of business on the prior payment date
over
(b) the pool balance as of the last day of the prior month
minus
the targeted overcollateralization amount for the current
payment date. In other words, principal will be paid on the notes on each payment date in an amount equal to the decrease in the pool
balance for the prior month less the decrease in the targeted overcollateralization amount for the current payment date, unless the actual
amount of overcollateralization is greater than the targeted overcollateralization amount. All available funds, including collections
of interest on the receivables, will be used to make these payments.
Unless a priority principal payment is required,
the trust will pay principal of the notes on each payment date only after all interest due on the notes is paid in full and any required
deposit in the reserve account is made. Priority principal payments are required when the adjusted pool balance is less than the principal
amount of the Class A and Class B notes. Priority principal payments are also required for the Class A and Class B
notes if they are not paid in full before their final scheduled payment date. These priority principal payments will be paid to more senior
classes of notes before payments of interest on subordinated classes of notes. The "priority principal payments" for a payment
date are:
84
The trust will pay
the regular principal payment to the notes after all interest due on the notes and any required priority principal payments are paid in
full. The regular principal payment includes the "turbo" feature described above that pays the Class A-1 notes in full
and then pays principal to the other classes of notes if required to reach the targeted overcollateralization amount before any funds
are distributed to the holder of the residual interest. The "regular
principal payment" for a payment date is equal to:
except that on and after the final scheduled payment date for the Class C
notes, the regular principal payment will equal the principal amount of the Class C notes until paid in full.
The amount of
the
regular principal payment will be limited by the remaining available funds after more senior payments are made.
Priority of Payments
On each payment date, the servicer will direct
the indenture trustee to use available funds for the related collection period to make payments and deposits in the order of priority
listed below and, unless otherwise indicated below, pro rata based on the amounts due. This priority will apply unless the notes are accelerated
after an event of default:
85
If available funds (other than reserve account
amounts) on a payment date are insufficient to cover all amounts payable under items (1) through (7) (including to pay the Class A
and Class B notes in full on their final scheduled payment dates), the servicer will direct the indenture trustee to withdraw the
shortfall from the reserve account to the extent available and use it to pay items (1) through (7) (including to pay the Class A
and Class B notes in full on their final scheduled payment dates). Amounts in the reserve account will also be available to pay the
Class C notes in full on their final scheduled payment date under item (9).
This diagram shows how available funds are paid
on each payment date. The priority of payments shown in this diagram will apply unless the notes are accelerated after an event of default.
86
Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments
If the notes are
accelerated after an event of default, on each payment date, the servicer will direct the indenture trustee to use amounts in the
collection account for the related collection period and amounts in the reserve account to make payments in the order of priority listed
below and, unless otherwise indicated below, pro rata based on the amounts due:
For more details about events of default and
your rights after an event of default, you should read "— Events of Default and Acceleration" below.
Events of Default and Acceleration
Each of the following will be an "event of
default" under the indenture:
If a responsible person of the trust knows of an
event that with notice or the lapse of time, or both, would become an event of default of the type described in the third item above,
it must notify the indenture trustee within five business days. Except in limited circumstances, if a responsible person of the indenture
trustee knows of an event that with notice or the lapse of time, or both, would become an event of default, it must notify the noteholders
within 90 days.
87
The trust must notify the indenture trustee, the
servicer and the rating agencies no more than five business days after a responsible person of the trust knows of an event of default.
If a responsible person of the indenture trustee knows of an event of default, it must notify all noteholders within five business days.
A majority of the controlling class may waive any
event of default and its consequences except an event of default (a) in the payment of principal of or interest on any of the notes
(other than an event of default relating to failure to pay principal due only because of the acceleration of the notes) or (b) relating
to a covenant or term of the indenture that cannot be amended, supplemented or modified without the consent of all noteholders.
Acceleration
of the Notes.
If an event of default occurs, other than because of a bankruptcy or dissolution of the trust, the indenture
trustee or a majority of the controlling class may accelerate the notes and declare the notes to be immediately due and payable. If an
event of default occurs because of bankruptcy or dissolution of the trust, the notes will be accelerated automatically.
A majority of the controlling class may rescind
a declaration of acceleration if:
Remedies After
Acceleration.
If the notes have been accelerated and the acceleration has not been rescinded, the indenture trustee may,
and at the direction of a majority of the controlling class, will:
However, the
indenture
trustee is only permitted to sell the receivables if the following conditions are met, depending on which event of default has occurred:
88
[TABLE:277]
The indenture
trustee
will notify the noteholders at least 15 days before any sale of the receivables. Any noteholder, the depositor and the servicer may submit
a bid to purchase the receivables and may purchase the receivables at a sale proceeding.
Payments After
Accelerations and Sales of Receivables.
After an acceleration of the notes and any sale of the receivables, any amounts
collected by the indenture trustee will be paid according to the "post-acceleration" priority of payments described in
"—
Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments"
above.
Standard of
Care of the Indenture Trustee After an Event of Default.
If an event of default occurred and is continuing, the indenture
trustee must exercise its rights and powers under the indenture using the same degree of care and skill that a prudent person would use
under the circumstances in conducting his or her own affairs. A majority of the controlling class generally will have the right to direct
the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the indenture trustee after an event of default and
acceleration of the notes.
Limitation
on Legal Proceedings.
No noteholder will have the right to start any legal proceeding for any remedy under the indenture
described in
"— Remedies After Acceleration"
above unless:
A noteholder, however, has the right to start a
proceeding at any time to enforce its right to receive principal and interest due to it under its note.
The indenture trustee and the noteholders will
agree not to start or pursue a bankruptcy proceeding against the trust.
Optional Redemption or "Clean Up Call" Option
The servicer will have a "clean up call option"
to purchase the receivables from the trust on any payment date if the pool balance as of the end of the related collection period is 10%
or less of the initial pool balance. The servicer will notify the indenture trustee, the owner trustee and the rating agencies at least
ten days before the payment date the option is exercised. The servicer will exercise the option by depositing the purchase price for the
receivables in the collection account on the business day before the payment date the option is exercised (or, with the satisfaction of
the rating agency condition, on that
89
payment date), and the trust will transfer the receivables to the servicer.
The indenture trustee will notify the noteholders of the redemption and provide instructions for surrender of the notes for final payment
of principal of and interest on the notes. The servicer may exercise its clean up call option only if the purchase price for the receivables
plus the collections in the collection account in the final collection period will be sufficient to pay in full the notes and all fees
and expenses of the trust. The purchase price paid by the servicer for the receivables will be the outstanding principal balance of the
receivables. On the servicer's exercise of its clean up call option, the notes will be redeemed and paid in full.
Satisfaction and Discharge of Indenture
The indenture
will
not be discharged until:
Amendments to Indenture
The indenture trustee
and the trust may amend the indenture without the consent of the noteholders for limited purposes,
including to:
The indenture trustee and the trust may amend the
indenture to add, change or eliminate a term or modify the noteholders' rights under the indenture:
In each case, the indenture trustee must receive
a legal opinion that, for federal income tax purposes, the amendment will not cause any note to be deemed sold or exchanged, cause the
trust to be treated as
90
an association or publicly traded partnership
taxable as a corporation or adversely affect the treatment of the notes as debt for federal income tax purposes
.
The prior
consent
of all adversely affected noteholders will be required for any amendment that would:
Noteholder Communication
A noteholder may communicate with the indenture
trustee and provide notices and make requests and demands and give directions to the indenture trustee as permitted by the transaction
documents through the procedures of DTC or by notice to the indenture trustee.
Three or more noteholders
may request a list of all noteholders of the trust maintained by the indenture trustee for the purpose of communicating with other noteholders
about their rights under the indenture or under
the notes. Any request must be accompanied by a copy of the communication that
the requesting noteholders propose to send.
A noteholder may also send a request to the trust
or to the servicer, on behalf of the trust, stating that the noteholder is interested in communicating with other noteholders about the
possible exercise of rights under the transaction documents. The requesting noteholder must include in the request a description of the
method by which other noteholders may contact the requesting noteholder. The trust will promptly deliver any such request to the servicer.
On receipt of a communication request, the servicer will include in the Form 10-D filed in the next month the following information:
91
Any expenses of the trust or the servicer relating
to an investor communication, including any review of documents evidencing ownership of a note and the inclusion of the investor communication
information in the Form 10-D, will be paid by the servicer.
In order to make a request or demand or to provide
notice to the trust, the owner trustee, the indenture trustee, the depositor, the sponsor or the servicer under the transaction documents,
a noteholder must either be a noteholder of record or must provide a written certification stating that it is a beneficial owner of a
note, together with supporting documentation such as a trade confirmation, an account statement, a letter from a broker or dealer verifying
ownership or another similar document evidencing ownership of a note.
Book-Entry Registration
The notes will be available only in book-entry
form except in the limited circumstances described below. All notes will be held in book-entry form by The Depository Trust Company, or
 "DTC," in the name of Cede & Co., as nominee of DTC. Noteholders' interests in the notes will be represented through
financial institutions acting on their behalf as direct and indirect participants in DTC. Noteholders may hold their notes through DTC
or Clearstream Banking Luxembourg S.A., which will hold positions on behalf of their customers or participants through their depositories,
which in turn will hold positions in accounts as DTC participants. The notes will be traded as home market instruments in both the U.S.
domestic and European markets. Initial settlement and all secondary trades will settle in same-day funds.
Noteholders who hold their notes through DTC will
follow the settlement practices for U.S. corporate debt obligations. Noteholders who hold global notes through Clearstream accounts will
follow the settlement procedures for conventional eurobonds, except that there will be no temporary global notes and no "lock-up"
or restricted period.
Actions of noteholders under the indenture will
be taken by DTC on instructions from its participants and all payments, notices, reports and statements to be delivered to noteholders
will be delivered to DTC or its nominee as the registered holder of the book-entry notes for distribution to holders of book-entry notes
according to DTC's rules and procedures.
Prospective noteholders
should review the rules and procedures of DTC and Clearstream for clearing, settlement, payments and tax withholding applicable to
their purchase of the notes. In particular, noteholders should
note that DTC's rules and procedures limit the ability of the
trust and the indenture trustee to make post-payable adjustments for principal and interest payments after a period of time, which may
be as short as 90 days.
Notes will be
issued
in physical form to noteholders only if:
Payments of interest on and principal of definitive
notes will be made by the indenture trustee on each payment date to registered holders of definitive notes as of the end of the prior
month. The payments will be made by check mailed to the address of the holder as it appears on the register maintained by the indenture
trustee. The final payment on a definitive note will be made only on presentation and surrender of the definitive note at the address
stated in the notice of final payment to the noteholders.
92
Definitive notes
will be transferable and exchangeable at the offices of the indenture trustee or a note registrar. No
service charge will be imposed
for registration of transfer or exchange, but the indenture trustee may require payment of an amount sufficient to cover any tax or other
governmental charge related to a transfer or exchange.
Computing Outstanding Principal Amount
The monthly investor report will include a note
factor for each class of notes that can be used to compute the outstanding principal amount of that class of notes each month. The note
factor for each class of notes is a seven-digit decimal indicating the remaining outstanding principal amount of that class of notes as
of the applicable payment date as a percentage of its original principal amount, after giving effect to payments to be made on the payment
date.
The note factors for each class of notes will initially
be 1.0000000 and will decline as the outstanding principal amount of the class declines. For each note, the portion of the outstanding
principal amount of that class of notes can be determined by multiplying the original denomination of that note by the note factor for
that class of notes.
Notes Held by Transaction Parties
Notes held by the trust, the depositor, the servicer
or any of their affiliates will not be included for purposes of determining whether a required percentage of any class of notes has taken
any action under the indenture or any other transaction document.
Credit
Enhancement
This securitization transaction is structured to
provide credit enhancement that increases the likelihood that the trust will make timely payments of interest on and principal of the
notes and decreases the likelihood that losses on the receivables will impair the trust's ability to do so. The amount of credit enhancement
will be limited and it is not certain it will be sufficient in all circumstances. The noteholders will have no recourse to the sponsor,
the depositor, the servicer, the indenture trustee or the owner trustee as a source of payment.
Reserve Account
The servicer will establish the reserve account
with the indenture trustee for the benefit of the noteholders. On the closing date, the depositor will deposit, or cause to be deposited,
in the reserve account from the net proceeds of the sale of the notes an amount equal to at least $3,289,497.56, if the aggregate initial
principal amount of the notes to be issued is $1,315,790,000, or equal to at least $3,947,369.66, if the aggregate initial principal amount
of the notes to be issued is $1,578,940,000, which, in each case, is at least 0.25% of the initial adjusted pool balance.
If, on a payment date, collections on the receivables
for the collection period and any amounts paid to the trust by Ford Credit, the depositor or the servicer to repurchase or purchase any
receivables are insufficient to pay the senior fees and expenses of the trust, interest and any priority principal payments on the notes,
the servicer will direct the indenture trustee to use amounts in the reserve account to cover the shortfall. Similarly, if any class of
notes would not be paid in full on its final scheduled payment date from collections on the receivables for the prior month, any amounts
paid to the trust by Ford Credit, the depositor or the servicer to repurchase or purchase receivables, the servicer will direct the indenture
trustee to use amounts in the reserve account to pay those notes in full. Ford Credit does not expect that amounts in the reserve account
will be required for this purpose.
If amounts in the
reserve account are used on a payment date, other than the final scheduled payment date for the Class C notes, the trust will deposit
available funds into the reserve account on future payment dates after
making more senior payments until the reserve account is
replenished to its initial level.
93
On payment of the
notes in full, the trust will distribute any amounts remaining in the reserve account to the holder of the residual interest. Net
investment earnings on amounts in the reserve account will be paid to the servicer on each payment date, as described in
"Servicing
 — Servicing Fees,"
and will not be available to the trust.
For more information about how amounts in the
reserve account may be invested, you should read "Servicing — Trust Bank Accounts."
Subordination
This securitization
transaction is structured so that the trust will pay interest on all classes of the Class A notes and then will pay interest
sequentially on the remaining classes of notes in order of seniority.
The trust will pay principal sequentially, starting
with the Class A-1 notes, and will not pay principal of any class of notes until the principal amounts of more senior classes of
notes are paid in full. In addition, if a priority principal payment is required on a payment date, the trust will pay the priority principal
payment to the most senior class of notes outstanding before the payment of interest on any subordinated class of notes on that payment
date.
If the notes are accelerated after an event of
default, the priority of payments will change and the trust will pay interest and principal sequentially by class, starting with the Class A
notes (paying interest on the Class A notes, pro rata, and principal of the Class A notes sequentially, starting with the Class A-1
notes), and will not pay interest on or principal of the Class B and Class C notes until all more senior classes of notes are
paid in full. These subordination features provide credit enhancement to more senior classes of notes, with the Class A notes benefiting
the most.
Overcollateralization
Overcollateralization is the amount by which the
pool balance exceeds the principal amount of the notes. Overcollateralization means there will be excess receivables generating collections
that will be available to offset losses on the receivables and supplement interest collections due to low-APR receivables. The initial
amount of overcollateralization, if the aggregate initial principal amount of the notes to be issued is $1,315,790,000, will be $91,501,450.52,
or, if the aggregate initial principal amount of the notes to be issued is $1,578,940,000, will be $109,855,240.91, or, in each case,
6.50% of the initial pool balance. Overcollateralization may also be expressed as a percentage of the adjusted pool balance, to identify
the overcollateralization exclusive of the yield supplement overcollateralization amount. The adjusted pool balance as of the closing
date will be approximately equal to the aggregate initial principal amount of the notes. Therefore, on an adjusted pool balance basis,
the initial amount of overcollateralization for the notes will be approximately zero. Overcollateralization expressed as a percentage
of initial pool balance will be different for each securitization transaction in this program as a result of changes in interest rates
on the notes, the APRs of the receivables in the securitized pool and the stated rate used to determine the yield supplement overcollateralization
amount for a particular transaction. Initial overcollateralization expressed as a percentage of initial adjusted pool balance, however,
is expected to stay the same for all securitization transactions in this program.
The following table
shows the notes as a percentage of the initial pool balance and as a percentage of the initial
adjusted pool balance, if the aggregate
initial principal amount of the notes to be issued is $1,315,790,000. The percentages may not sum due to rounding.
[TABLE:312]
94
The following table
shows the notes as a percentage of the initial pool balance and as a percentage of the initial
adjusted pool balance, if the aggregate
initial principal amount of the notes to be issued is $1,578,940,000. The percentages may not sum due to rounding.
[TABLE:313]
This securitization transaction is structured to
use all available funds remaining after payments of the senior fees and expenses of the trust, interest due on the notes, any priority
principal payments and any required deposits in the reserve account, including the portion of the remaining available funds that is excess
spread, to pay principal of the notes until the targeted overcollateralization amount is reached.
The "targeted overcollateralization amount"
for each payment date will be equal to the sum of:
Therefore, the targeted overcollateralization amount
will adjust each month based on the scheduled decrease in the yield supplement overcollateralization amount for that month.
To increase the amount of overcollateralization
on a payment date and reach the targeted overcollateralization amount, the trust must pay principal of the notes in an amount greater
than the decline in the adjusted pool balance for the prior month. The use of excess spread to make regular principal payments and priority
principal payments is expected to increase overcollateralization as a percentage of each class's principal amount. When the actual amount
of overcollateralization is less than the targeted overcollateralization amount, principal will be paid to the noteholders from available
funds until the targeted overcollateralization amount is reached.
Because the pool of receivables includes a substantial
number of low-APR receivables, the pool could generate less collections of interest in a given collection period than the sum of the senior
fees and expenses of the trust, interest due on the notes and any required deposits in the reserve account due on the related payment
date if the low-APR receivables were not adequately offset by high-APR receivables in the pool. The depositor has elected to enhance the
likelihood of timely payment on the notes by utilizing a form of enhancement called yield supplement overcollateralization. The yield
supplement overcollateralization amount for each payment date approximates the present value of the amount by which future payments on
receivables with APRs below a stated rate are less than future payments would be on those receivables if their APRs were equal to the
stated rate. The stated rate is set by the depositor at a level that will result in an amount of excess spread sufficient to obtain the
expected ratings on the notes, and will at least equal the highest interest rate on the notes plus the servicing fee. The yield supplement
overcollateralization amount is included in the targeted overcollateralization amount for each payment date, which has the effect of recharacterizing
a portion of the principal collections on the pool of receivables as interest collections in order to increase excess spread.
The "yield supplement
overcollateralization amount" for the closing date and
a payment date is equal to the sum of the excess, if any, for each
receivable of (a) the present value of all future payments due on the receivable discounted at the APR of the receivable
over
(b) the present value of all future payments due on the receivable discounted at the stated rate of (1) 7.25%, for any payment
date on or before the date the floating rate notes are paid in full, or (2) 6.75%, for any payment date after the floating rate notes
are paid in full (or if no floating rate notes are issued). For purposes of this calculation, future payments on each receivable are assumed
to be equal monthly payments made over the remaining scheduled term regardless of any prepayments before the cutoff date and without any
delays, defaults or prepayments. The yield supplement overcollateralization amount is calculated as of the cutoff date for all future
payment
95
dates and will not be recalculated to give effect to delays, defaults
or prepayments. This means that, if a low-APR receivable prepays, the related portion of the yield supplement overcollateralization amount
will continue to provide credit enhancement for the notes and yield enhancement for other low-APR receivables as a component of the targeted
overcollateralization amount.
The yield supplement overcollateralization amount
for the closing date and each payment date, assuming that the floating rate notes have not yet been paid in full, if the aggregate initial
principal amount of the notes to be issued is $1,315,790,000, will be:
[TABLE:316]
The yield supplement overcollateralization amount
for the closing date and each payment date, assuming that the floating rate notes have been paid in full (or if no floating rate notes
are issued), if the aggregate initial principal amount of the notes to be issued is $1,315,790,000, will be:
[TABLE:317]
96
[TABLE:318]
The yield supplement overcollateralization amount
for the closing date and each payment date, assuming that the floating rate notes have not yet been paid in full, if the aggregate initial
principal amount of the notes to be issued is $1,578,940,000, will be:
[TABLE:319]
97
[TABLE:320]
The yield supplement overcollateralization amount
for the closing date and each payment date, assuming that the floating rate notes have been paid in full (or if no floating rate notes
are issued), if the aggregate initial principal amount of the notes to be issued is $1,578,940,000, will be:
[TABLE:321]
98
Excess Spread
For a payment date, excess spread is equal to the
excess of (a) the sum of (i) the interest collections for the collection period and (ii) the principal collections equal
to the decline in the yield supplement overcollateralization amount from the prior payment date (or closing date, as applicable),
over
(b) the sum of the senior fees and expenses of the trust, the interest on the notes and any required deposits in the reserve account.
Any excess spread will be applied on each payment date, as a component of available funds, to pay principal of the Class A-1 notes
until paid in full and then to pay principal of the most senior class of notes to the extent necessary to reach the targeted overcollateralization
amount. In general, having excess spread available to pay principal of the notes provides a source of funds to offset losses on the receivables.
Maturity
and Prepayment Considerations
General
The final scheduled payment date for each class
of notes is listed on the cover of this prospectus. Ford Credit expects that the final payment of each class of notes will occur before
its final scheduled payment date. The final payment of any class of notes could occur significantly earlier (or could occur later) than
that class's final scheduled payment date because the rate of principal payments on each class of notes depends primarily on the rate
of payment (including prepayments) by the obligors on the receivables.
The
weighted
average life of each note is uncertain because it generally will be determined by the rate at which the principal balances of the receivables
are paid. An increase in prepayments on the receivables will decrease the weighted average life of the notes. "Prepayments"
on the receivables will occur in the following circumstances:
In Ford Credit's experience, prepayments on its
retail installment sale contracts occur primarily when obligors decide to purchase new vehicles, obligors finance with Ford Credit to
obtain specific Ford marketing incentives that require Ford Credit financing and pay off their accounts within the first few months of
the contract term, defaulted contracts are liquidated or insurance proceeds are received after the financed vehicle is determined to be
a total loss. Unlike some other asset classes, such as residential
99
mortgage loans, retail installment sale contracts for the purchase of
cars, light trucks and utility vehicles historically have not experienced significant voluntary prepayments as interest rates decline.
The short-term nature and smaller principal amount of Ford Credit's retail installment sale contracts makes the benefit of refinancing
smaller. In addition, because a substantial number of receivables in the securitization transactions in this program are subvened-APR
contracts, the situations in which an obligor could take advantage of lower rates by refinancing are limited.
Any reinvestment
risk resulting from a faster or slower rate of prepayment of receivables will be borne entirely by the
noteholders.
For more
information about reinvestment risk, you should read "Risk Factors — The timing of principal payments on your notes is uncertain."
Weighted Average Life
Prepayments on the receivables can be measured
against a prepayment standard or model. This securitization transaction uses the Absolute Prepayment Model commonly referred to as "ABS,"
which uses an assumed rate of prepayment each month relative to the original number of receivables in a pool. ABS assumes that all receivables
are the same size and maturity and amortize at the same rate and that in each month each receivable will be paid as scheduled or be prepaid
in full. For example, in a pool of receivables originally containing 10,000 receivables, a 1% ABS rate means that 100 receivables prepay
in full each month. ABS is not a historical description of prepayment experience or a prediction of the anticipated rate of prepayment
of any pool of assets. Ford Credit intends to establish the interest rates for the notes based on their weighted average lives determined
by assuming the receivables will prepay at a 1.3% ABS rate.
The ABS tables
below
were prepared by (a) classifying the pool of receivables that will be sold to the trust into sub-pools based on APR, original term
and remaining term, (b) determining a level monthly payment for each of the sub-pools that fully amortizes the pool by the end of
its remaining term to maturity, assuming that each monthly payment is made on the last day of each month and each month has 30 days and
(c) making the following assumptions:
100
The sub-pools used in this analysis, if the aggregate
initial principal amount of the notes to be issued is $1,315,790,000, are shown in the table below:
101
The sub-pools used in this analysis, if the aggregate
initial principal amount of the notes to be issued is $1,578,940,000, are shown in the table below:
The results shown in the ABS tables should approximate
the results that would be obtained if the analysis had been based on similar assumptions using the actual pool of receivables that will
be sold to the trust, rather than on sub-pools. The actual characteristics and performance of the receivables will differ from the assumptions
used in constructing the ABS tables. The ABS tables only give a general sense of how each class of notes may amortize at different assumed
ABS rates with other assumptions held constant. It is unlikely that the receivables will prepay at a constant ABS rate until maturity
or that all of the receivables will prepay at the same ABS rate. The diversity of the receivables could produce slower or faster prepayment
rates for any payment date, including for payment dates early in the transaction, which would result in principal payments occurring earlier
or later than indicated in the ABS tables. Any difference between those assumptions and the actual characteristics and performance of
the receivables, or actual prepayment experience, will affect the weighted average life and period during which principal is paid on each
class of notes.
For a description of factors which may affect
the rate of principal payments on the notes, you should read "Risk Factors — The timing of principal payments on your notes
is uncertain."
102
Percent of Initial
Note Principal Amount at Various ABS Rates
(1)
if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $
1,315,790,000
[TABLE:338]
The ABS tables were prepared based on the assumptions
described above, including the assumptions regarding the characteristics and performance of the receivables that will differ from the
actual characteristics and performance of the receivables. You should be sure you understand these assumptions when reading the ABS tables.
103
Percent of Initial
Note Principal Amount at Various ABS Rates
(1)
if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $
1,315,790,000
[TABLE:341]
The ABS tables were prepared based on the assumptions
described above, including the assumptions regarding the characteristics and performance of the receivables that will differ from the
actual characteristics and performance of the receivables. You should be sure you understand these assumptions when reading the ABS tables.
104
Percent of Initial
Note Principal Amount at Various ABS Rates
(1)
if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $
1,315,790,000
[TABLE:344]
The ABS tables were prepared based on the assumptions
described above, including the assumptions regarding the characteristics and performance of the receivables that will differ from the
actual characteristics and performance of the receivables. You should be sure you understand these assumptions when reading the ABS tables.
105
Percent of Initial
Note Principal Amount at Various ABS Rates
(1)
if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $
1,578,940,000
[TABLE:347]
The ABS tables were prepared based on the assumptions
described above, including the assumptions regarding the characteristics and performance of the receivables that will differ from the
actual characteristics and performance of the receivables. You should be sure you understand these assumptions when reading the ABS tables.
106
Percent of Initial
Note Principal Amount at Various ABS Rates
(1)
if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $
1,578,940,000
[TABLE:350]
The ABS tables were prepared based on the assumptions
described above, including the assumptions regarding the characteristics and performance of the receivables that will differ from the
actual characteristics and performance of the receivables. You should be sure you understand these assumptions when reading the ABS tables.
107
Percent of Initial
Note Principal Amount at Various ABS Rates
(1)
if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $
1,578,940,000
[TABLE:353]
The ABS tables were prepared based on the assumptions
described above, including the assumptions regarding the characteristics and performance of the receivables that will differ from the
actual characteristics and performance of the receivables. You should be sure you understand these assumptions when reading the ABS tables.
108
Credit
Risk Retention
The risk retention regulations in Regulation RR
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 require the sponsor, either directly or through its majority-owned affiliates, to retain an
economic interest in the credit risk of the receivables. The depositor is a wholly-owned affiliate of Ford Credit and will retain the
required economic interest in the credit risk of the receivables to satisfy the sponsor's requirements under Regulation RR.
The depositor's retention
of the residual interest and, to the extent necessary, the Class C notes
, together the "retained interest," satisfies
the requirements for an "eligible horizontal residual interest" under Regulation RR. The fair value of the retained interest
will represent at least 5% of the sum of the fair value of the notes and the residual interest on the closing date.
The depositor, Ford Credit, or another majority-owned
affiliate of Ford Credit is required to retain the retained interest until the latest of two years after the closing date, the date the
pool balance is one-third or less of the initial pool balance, or the date the principal amount of the notes is one-third or less of the
original principal amount. None of Ford Credit, the depositor or any of their affiliates may sell, transfer or hedge the retained interest
during this period other than as permitted by Regulation RR. The depositor intends to retain the retained interest for the life of this
securitization transaction.
The depositor will
retain all of the Class C notes on the closing date, regardless of whether they are included in the retained interest for purposes
of Regulation RR. Any Class C notes that are not included in the retained interest will not be subject to the provisions of Regulation
RR that prohibit certain transfers, hedging and pledging of securities that are held to comply with Regulation RR
.
In general, the residual interest represents the
rights to the overcollateralization and amounts in the reserve account and excess spread not needed to make required payments on the notes,
offset losses on the receivables, or pay expenses and fees of the trust. Because the residual interest is subordinated to each class of
notes and is only entitled to amounts not needed on a payment date to make payments on the notes or to make other required payments or
deposits according to the priority of payments described in
"Description of the Notes — Priority of Payments"
and
"Description of the Notes — Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments,"
the residual interest offsets all losses on
the receivables by reduction of, first, the excess spread, second, the overcollateralization and, third, the amounts in the reserve account,
before any losses are incurred by the notes. The Class C notes are the most subordinate class of notes and will absorb all losses
after the residual interest.
For a description of the credit enhancement available for the notes, including the excess spread and overcollateralization,
you should read "Credit Enhancement."
The fair value of the notes and the residual interest,
if the aggregate initial principal amount of the notes to be issued is $1,315,790,000, is summarized below. The totals in the table may
not sum due to rounding:
109
The fair value of
the notes and the residual interest, if the aggregate initial principal amount of the notes to be issued is $
1,578,940,000, is
summarized below. The totals in the table may not sum due to rounding:
The sponsor determined the fair value of the notes
and the residual interest using a fair value measurement framework under generally accepted accounting principles. In measuring fair value,
the use of observable and unobservable inputs and their significance in measuring fair value are reflected in the fair value hierarchy
assessment, with Level 1 inputs favored over Level 2 and Level 3 inputs, and Level 2 inputs favored over Level 3 inputs.
The fair value of the notes, except the Class C
notes, is categorized within Level 2 of the hierarchy, reflecting the use of inputs derived from prices for similar instruments. The fair
value of the Class C notes and the residual interest is categorized within Level 3 of the hierarchy as inputs to the fair value calculation
are generally not observable.
The fair value of the notes, except the Class C
notes, is assumed to be equal to the initial principal amount, or par. The fair value of the Class C notes is assumed to be equal
to $16,607,978.31, if the aggregate initial principal amount of the notes is $1,315,790,000, or $19,928,311.49, if the aggregate initial
principal amount of the notes is $1,578,940,000. This reflects the expectation that the final interest rates of the notes will be consistent
with the interest rate assumptions below:
[TABLE:361]
These interest rates are estimated based on recent
pricing of notes issued in similar securitization transactions and market-based expectations for interest rates and credit risk applicable
to the notes.
To calculate the fair value of the retained interest,
Ford Credit used an internal valuation model. This model projects future interest and principal payments of the pool of receivables, the
interest and principal payments on each class of notes, transaction fees and expenses and the servicing fee. The model also assumes that
the servicer will exercise its clean up call option on the first payment date that the option is available and that the purchase price
paid for the receivables will be equal to the outstanding principal balance of the receivables, which is the minimum amount the servicer
may pay for the receivables. The resulting cash flows to the retained interest are discounted to present value based on a discount rate
that reflects the credit exposure to these cash flows. In completing these calculations, Ford Credit made the following assumptions:
110
Ford Credit developed these inputs and assumptions
by considering the following factors:
111
Ford Credit believes that the inputs and assumptions
described above include the inputs and assumptions that could have a significant impact on the fair value calculation or a prospective
noteholder's ability to evaluate the fair value calculation. The fair value of the notes and the residual interest were calculated based
on the assumptions described above, including the assumptions regarding the characteristics and performance of the receivables that will
differ from the actual characteristics and performance of the receivables. You should be sure you understand these assumptions when considering
the fair value calculation.
Ford Credit will
recalculate the fair value of the notes and the residual interest after the closing date to
reflect the issuance of the notes and
any changes in the methodology or inputs and assumptions described above. The fair value of the retained interest as a dollar amount and
as a percentage of the sum of the fair value of the notes and the residual interest will be included in the first investor report, together
with a description of any changes in the methodology or inputs and assumptions used to calculate the fair value.
Servicing
The servicer will service the receivables and
this securitization transaction under a sale and servicing agreement among the trust, the depositor and the servicer. The following description
summarizes the main terms of the sale and servicing agreement but is not a complete description of the agreement. For more details about
the sale and servicing agreement, you should read the form of sale and servicing agreement that is included as an exhibit to the registration
statement filed with the SEC that includes this prospectus.
Servicing Obligations
Under the sale and servicing agreement, the servicer's
main obligations will be to:
The servicer is not required or permitted to make
advances for shortfalls in scheduled payments on receivables, collections or other cash flows on the receivables.
The servicer may delegate or perform its servicing
obligations to or through others. No delegation or subcontracting will relieve the servicer of its servicing obligations. The servicer
will be responsible for paying the fees of any delegates or subcontractors.
112
Servicing Fees
The servicer will earn a servicing fee each payment
date equal to 1/12 of 1% of the pool balance at the beginning of the related collection period (or the cutoff date for the first payment
date). In addition, the servicer will retain any late fees, extension fees and other administrative fees received from obligors and receive
net investment earnings on funds in the trust bank accounts. The servicer may be reimbursed for fees and expenses paid to third parties
for repossession and disposition of financed vehicles and external costs of collection activities on charged off accounts. The servicer
may net these fees and expenses from collections deposited in the collection account.
Servicer Modifications and Obligation to Purchase Receivables
The servicer will follow its policies and procedures
in servicing the receivables. As part of its normal collection efforts, the servicer may waive or modify the terms of a receivable, including
granting a payment extension and rewriting, rescheduling or amending any contract or waiving late fees, extension fees or other administrative
fees. The servicer will purchase a receivable from the trust if the servicer makes certain modifications, including if it gives a payment
extension resulting in the final payment date of the receivable being later than the final scheduled payment date of the most junior class
of notes issued by the trust. The servicer will also purchase a receivable if it changes the then-current principal balance or the APR
of the receivable or rewrites or reschedules the contract to change the number of originally scheduled due dates of the receivable or
the payment amount. However, the servicer will not be required to purchase any modified receivable if the modification was required by
law or court order, including by a bankruptcy court, although it may choose to do so. Ford Credit's servicing systems identify these types
of modifications and will automatically purchase the modified receivable on the payment date after the month in which the modification
is made. On payment of the purchase price, the purchase will be effective at the end of the month before the month in which the modification
is made. The purchase price will be the principal balance of the receivable plus 30 days of interest at its APR before the modification,
which will be deposited by the servicer in the collection account. The purchase of a receivable by the servicer due to a modification
is effectively the same as a prepayment of the receivable in full, and will result in payment of principal of the notes earlier than would
have been the case if the receivable was not repurchased. For modifications or waivers that do not result in the purchase of a receivable,
Ford Credit does not expect, on the basis of its past portfolio servicing experience, that these changes or waivers will materially affect
the cash flows on the receivables; however, there can be no assurance that future modifications or waivers will not materially affect
the cash flows on the receivables.
For more information about the servicer's policies
and procedures for servicing the receivables, including extensions and rewrites, you should read "Sponsor and Servicer — Servicing
and Collections."
The servicer must maintain perfection of the trust's
security interest in each receivable and Ford Credit's security interest in the related financed vehicle until immediately before the
time the receivable is paid in full or repurchased. For a charged off receivable, the servicer may release the security interest in a
sale of charged-off receivables as permitted by the servicer's policies and procedures. If the servicer fails to maintain perfection of
the trust's security interest in the financed vehicle or impairs the rights of the trust or the noteholders in the receivable (other than
according to its policies and procedures), the servicer must purchase the receivable from the trust on the payment date after the month
that a responsible person of the servicer obtained actual knowledge or was notified of the impairment or, at the servicer's option, on
the following payment date, unless it corrects the failure or impairment before that date. The purchase price will generally be the principal
balance of the receivable plus 30 days of interest at its APR, which will be deposited by the servicer in the collection account. On payment
of the purchase price, the purchase will be effective as of the last day of the second month before the payment date.
For more information about the servicer's policies
and procedures for releasing the security interest in a receivable, you should read "Sponsor and Servicer — Servicing and Collections
 — Repossession and Charge Off."
Trust Bank Accounts
The servicer will establish a collection account
for the trust and will deposit all collections on the receivables, the repurchase price for any receivables repurchased by the sponsor
or the depositor and
113
the purchase price for any receivables purchased by the servicer in
the collection account. The servicer will also establish the reserve account and, together with the collection account, the "trust
bank accounts." All trust bank accounts will be pledged to the indenture trustee to secure the notes.
Funds in the trust bank accounts will be invested
in highly rated short-term investments that mature or are made available on or before the next payment date. Net investment earnings on
funds in the trust bank accounts will be paid to the servicer each month. The servicer will direct the investments unless the indenture
trustee instructs the bank holding the account otherwise after an event of default. The trust may invest the funds in the trust bank accounts
in obligations issued by the underwriters or their affiliates.
The servicer will have no access to the funds in
the trust bank accounts. Only the indenture trustee may withdraw funds from these accounts to make payments, including payments to the
noteholders or to pay net investment earnings on the trust bank accounts to the servicer. The indenture trustee will make payments from
the trust bank accounts to the noteholders and others based on information provided by the servicer.
Deposit of Collections
Ford Credit will deposit all collections in the
collection account within two business days of applying them to the obligors' accounts, except that net recoveries on charged off accounts
will be deposited on a monthly basis. However, if at any time Ford Credit's short-term unsecured debt is rated equal to or higher than
 "F1" by Fitch and "A-1" by S&P, and if no servicer termination event has occurred, Ford Credit may deposit all
collections for the collection period in the collection account on the business day before each payment date or, with satisfaction of
the rating agency condition, on each payment date. Until deposited in the collection account, collections may be used by the servicer
for its own benefit and will not be segregated from its own funds.
For administrative
convenience, the servicer may deposit collections in the collection account each month net of the servicing fee payable to the servicer
for the month, but must account for all transactions individually. If amounts are deposited in error, they will be returned to the servicer
or netted
from later deposits.
Custodial Obligations of Ford Credit
Ford Credit will act as custodian for the trust
and the indenture trustee and will maintain a receivable file for each receivable. A receivable file will include originals or copies
of the retail installment sale contract, credit application, certificate of title and other documents relating to the receivable, the
obligor and the financed vehicle. Each receivable file will be maintained separately, but will not be segregated from other similar receivable
files or stamped or marked to reflect the sale to the trust so long as Ford Credit is servicing the receivables. The receivable files
are held by Ford Credit, directly or through third-party vendors, as described in
"Sponsor and Servicer — Origination, Underwriting
and Purchasing — Vehicle Title"
and
"Sponsor and Servicer — Origination, Underwriting and Purchasing —
Types of Contracts and Vehicle Classification."
Limitations on Liability
The servicer will not be liable to the trust or
the noteholders for any action or omission or for any error in judgment, except for its own willful misconduct, bad faith or negligence
in the performance of its obligations. The servicer will not be obligated to start, pursue or participate in any legal proceeding that
is not incidental to its servicing obligations and that may cause it to incur expense or liability. The servicer will indemnify the trust,
the owner trustee and the indenture trustee for damages caused by the servicer's willful misconduct, bad faith or negligence in the performance
of its servicing obligations.
Amendments to Sale and Servicing Agreement
The trust, the depositor and the servicer may amend
the sale and servicing agreement, without the consent of the noteholders, to clarify an ambiguity, correct an error or correct or supplement
any term of the agreement that may be defective or inconsistent with the other terms of the agreement or as may be
114
necessary to conform the terms of the sale and servicing agreement to
its description contained in this prospectus.
The trust, the depositor and the servicer may amend
the sale and servicing agreement to add, change or eliminate terms of the agreement if:
The prior consent of all affected noteholders will
be required for any amendment that would:
Resignation and Termination of Servicer
Ford Credit may not resign as servicer unless it
is legally unable to perform its servicing obligations. No resignation will become effective until a successor servicer has been engaged
by the indenture trustee or the date the servicer becomes legally unable to act.
Each of the
following
events will be a "servicer termination event" under the sale and servicing agreement:
[TABLE:390]
115
The indenture trustee,
acting at the direction of a majority of the controlling class, may waive any servicer termination event
. As long as a servicer
termination event has not been corrected, the indenture trustee may, or, at the direction of a majority of the controlling class, must,
terminate the servicer for the trust.
If the servicer resigns
or is terminated, the indenture trustee will promptly engage a successor servicer to assume the servicing obligations.
If a successor
servicer is not appointed when the servicer stops performing its obligations, the indenture trustee automatically will become the successor
servicer. If the indenture trustee is unwilling or legally unable to act as servicer, it may appoint, or petition a court to appoint,
a successor servicer having a net worth of at least $50 million and whose regular business includes the servicing of motor vehicle receivables.
If a bankruptcy trustee
or similar official is appointed for the servicer and no other servicer termination event has
occurred, the bankruptcy trustee
or official may have the power to prevent the indenture trustee or the noteholders from terminating the servicer.
The servicer will agree to cooperate to effect
an orderly servicing transfer and make available its records on payments on the receivables and the receivable files. The servicer will
not be required to make available or license its proprietary servicing procedures, processes, models, software or other applications.
The predecessor servicer will reimburse the successor servicer for reasonable expenses for the transition of servicing obligations.
Monthly
Reports
On or about the 10th
day of each month, the servicer will prepare and deliver an investor report to the owner trustee, the indenture trustee, the depositor
and, if requested, the rating agencies. Each investor report will contain information about payments to be made on the notes on the payment
date, the performance of the receivables during the collection period and the status of any credit enhancement. An officer of the servicer
will certify the accuracy of the information in each investor report. The servicer may post each investor report on its website located
at
https://www.ford.com/finance/investor-center/asset-backed-securitization. The investor report will contain the following information
for each payment date:
116
The first investor report will also include the
fair value of the retained interest as a percentage of the sum of the fair value of the notes and the residual interest and as a dollar
amount as of the closing date, together with a description of any changes in the methodology or inputs and assumptions used to calculate
the fair value, as described in "
Credit Risk Retention
."
The servicer will
use the investor report to direct the indenture trustee on payments to be made to the noteholders on each payment date. The indenture
trustee will not be obligated to verify calculations made by the servicer. On each payment date, the indenture trustee, as paying agent,
will forward the investor report to each noteholder of record or make the investor report available to noteholders through the indenture
trustee's internet website
, which is located at https://gctinvestorreporting.bnymellon.com.
The servicer, on
behalf of the trust, will file a Form 10-D for the trust with the SEC within 15 days after each payment date, which will include
the
investor report for that payment date and the following information, if applicable:
The servicer, on behalf of the trust, will also
prepare asset-level data about the receivables relating to the issued notes for this securitization transaction for the prior month and
file it with the SEC on Form ABS-EE before filing the Form 10-D. The Form ABS-EE, and related information attached as exhibits
to the form, will be incorporated by reference into the Form 10-D. The asset-level data will contain detailed information for each
receivable about its identification, origination, contract terms, financed vehicle, obligor, contract and payment activity, servicing
and status. Certain asset-level data, such as data related to collections, repurchased receivables, losses on the receivables and repossessions,
may not match the aggregate data provided on the investor report due to differences in how this data is required to be reported for asset-level
data and how this data is reported for the investor report. Investors should carefully review the asset-level data and related information
attached as exhibits to Form ABS-EE to find more information about the differences, if any, between the asset-level data and investor
reports.
Annual
Compliance Reports
The servicer will
prepare or obtain a number of annual reports, statements or certificates for the trust. No later than 90 days after the end of the calendar
year, the servicer will provide to the depositor, the trust, the indenture trustee and the rating agencies the following
:
117
The servicer will file the compliance certificate,
the assessment report and the attestation report with the SEC as exhibits to the trust's annual report on Form 10-K within 90 days
after the end of the calendar year. A copy of these items may be obtained by any noteholder by request to the indenture trustee.
Transaction
Parties
The following descriptions of the transaction
parties summarize parts of the transaction documents to which they are parties, including the trust agreement, the indenture, the administration
agreement and the asset representations review agreement, but are not complete descriptions of these agreements. For more details about
the transaction documents, you should read the forms of the transaction documents that are included as exhibits to the registration statement
filed with the SEC that includes this prospectus.
Depositor
The depositor for this securitization transaction
is Ford Credit Auto Receivables Two LLC, a Delaware limited liability company created in January 2001. The depositor met the registrant
requirements of paragraph I.A. of the General Instructions to Form SF-3 at the time the registration statement was filed.
Ford Credit is the
sole member of the depositor. The depositor was
created for the limited purpose of purchasing receivables from Ford Credit and
selling the receivables to trusts for securitization transactions.
In connection with the offering of the notes, the
chief executive officer of the depositor will make the certifications required under Regulation AB about this prospectus, the disclosures
made about the characteristics of the receivables and the structure of this securitization transaction, the risks of owning the notes
and whether the securitization transaction will produce sufficient cash flows to make interest and principal payments on the notes when
due. This certification will be filed by the depositor with the SEC at the time of filing of this prospectus. The certification should
not be considered to reduce or eliminate the risks of investing in the notes.
The depositor will make representations about the
receivables sold to the trust. If any of these representations prove to have been untrue when made and the breach has a material adverse
effect on a receivable, the depositor must repurchase the receivable unless it corrects the breach in all material respects before the
date it is required to repurchase the receivable. In addition, the depositor must enforce Ford Credit's repurchase obligation described
in
"Receivables — Obligation to Repurchase Receivables."
In addition, the depositor will represent that it owns
the receivables free of liens or claims.
118
The depositor will
be responsible for filing required income tax or franchise tax returns for the trust and for filing
and maintaining the effectiveness
of the financing statements that perfect the trust's security interest in the receivables and other trust assets.
The depositor will:
The depositor will
retain the Class C notes and may retain all or a portion of any other class of
notes issued by the trust. Any retained notes
may be sold by the depositor in private placements or other non-registered offerings and will not be offered by this prospectus.
Issuing Entity
The issuing
entity
for this securitization transaction is Ford Credit Auto Owner Trust 2024-C, a Delaware statutory trust. The trust's fiscal year is the
calendar year.
The purpose of
the
trust will be to:
The trust may not engage in other activities and
may not invest in other securities or make loans to anyone.
The depositor and the owner trustee may amend the
trust agreement, without the consent of the noteholders, to (a) clarify an ambiguity, correct an error or correct or supplement any
term of the agreement that may be inconsistent with the other terms of the agreement or in order to conform the terms of the agreement
to its description contained in this prospectus or (b) provide for, or facilitate the acceptance of the agreement by, a successor
owner trustee.
The depositor and the owner trustee may amend the
trust agreement to add, change or eliminate terms of the agreement if:
119
The prior consent of all affected noteholders will
be required for any amendment that would:
The trust may
not
dissolve, merge with or sell substantially all its assets to anyone or impair the first priority lien of the indenture trustee in the
trust assets except as permitted by the transaction documents.
The servicer will indemnify the trust for liabilities
and damages resulting from the servicer's willful misconduct, bad faith or negligence (other than errors in judgment) in the performance
of its obligations as servicer.
On the closing date, the depositor will sell the
receivables to the trust and make, or cause to be made, an initial deposit in the reserve account, equal to at least the amount indicated
in the tables below, in exchange for the notes and the residual interest in the trust. The following table shows the approximate capitalization
of the trust on the closing date after issuance of the notes:
[TABLE:425]
Administrator
Ford Credit will be the administrator of the trust
under an administration agreement.
The administrator's
main obligations will be to
provide notices on behalf of the trust and perform all administrative obligations of the trust under
the transaction documents, including to:
120
The administrator
will indemnify
the owner trustee, the indenture trustee and the asset representations reviewer for liabilities and damages resulting
from the performance of their obligations under the transaction documents unless resulting from their willful misconduct, bad faith or
negligence (other than errors in judgment) or breach of their representations in the transaction documents.
The
depositor
will pay the administrator an annual administration fee.
The administrator may not resign unless it is legally
unable to perform its administrative obligations. If the servicer is terminated, the administrator will immediately resign on the appointment
or engagement of a successor servicer (other than the indenture trustee), who will automatically become the successor administrator. The
owner trustee, with the consent of a majority of the controlling class, may remove the administrator if (a) the administrator fails
to perform in any material respect its obligations, which continues for 90 days after the administrator receives notice of the failure
from the owner trustee, the indenture trustee or at least 25% of the controlling class or (b) an insolvency event of the administrator
occurs. No resignation or removal of the administrator will become effective until a successor administrator is in place.
Owner Trustee
U.S. Bank Trust National Association, or "U.S.
Bank Trust," will act as the "owner trustee" under the trust agreement. U.S. Bank Trust is a national banking association
and a wholly-owned subsidiary of U.S. Bank National Association, or "U.S. Bank," the fifth largest commercial bank in the United
States. U.S. Bancorp, with total assets exceeding $680 billion as of June 30, 2024, is the parent company of U.S. Bank. As of June 30,
2024, U.S. Bancorp operated over 2,200 branch offices in 26 states. A network of specialized U.S. Bancorp offices across the nation provides
a comprehensive line of banking, brokerage, insurance, investment, mortgage, trust and payment services products to consumers, businesses
and institutions.
U.S. Bank Trust has provided owner trustee services
since the year 2000. As of June 30, 2024, U.S. Bank Trust was acting as owner trustee with respect to over 1,000 issuances of securities.
This portfolio includes mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities. U.S. Bank Trust has acted as owner trustee of auto-backed securities
since the year 2000. As of June 30, 2024, U.S. Bank Trust was acting as owner trustee on 91 issuances of auto-backed securities.
The owner
trustee's
main obligations will be to:
The owner trustee will not be liable for any action,
omission or error in judgment, except for its own willful misconduct, bad faith or negligence. The owner trustee will not be required
to exercise any of its rights or powers under the transaction documents or to start, conduct or defend any legal proceedings on behalf
of the trust at the direction of the depositor unless the depositor has offered reasonable security or indemnity satisfactory to the owner
trustee to protect it against the costs and expenses that it may incur in complying with the direction.
The depositor and the administrator will indemnify
the owner trustee for liabilities and damages resulting from the owner trustee's performance of its obligations under the trust agreement
unless resulting from the willful misconduct, bad faith or negligence (other than errors in judgment) of the owner trustee or the breach
of representations made by the owner trustee in the trust agreement. The servicer will indemnify the owner trustee for liabilities and
damages resulting from the servicer's willful misconduct, bad faith or negligence (other than errors in judgment) in the performance of
its obligations as servicer.
The trust will pay
the
acceptance fees and annual fees of the owner trustee, reimburse the owner trustee for expenses incurred in performing its obligations,
and pay any indemnities due to the owner trustee, to the extent those amounts are not paid or reimbursed by the depositor or the administrator.
The trust will pay these amounts to the owner trustee on each payment date, along with similar amounts
121
owed to the indenture trustee and the asset representations reviewer
and expenses incurred by the trust under the transaction documents, up to the limit of $375,000 per year, before the trust makes any other
payments. The trust will pay any of these amounts in excess of the limit only after paying in full on that payment date all other fees
and expenses of the trust and all required interest and principal payments on the notes and after any required deposits in the reserve
account are made. After an event of default, however, these fees, expenses and indemnities will be paid first.
The owner trustee may resign at any time by notifying
the depositor and the administrator at least 30 days in advance. The administrator may remove the owner trustee at any time and for any
reason by notifying the owner trustee at least 30 days in advance. The administrator must remove the owner trustee if the owner trustee
becomes legally unable to act as owner trustee, becomes subject to a bankruptcy or is no longer eligible to act as owner trustee under
the trust agreement because of changes in its legal status, financial condition or ratings. No resignation or removal of the owner trustee
will be effective until a successor owner trustee is in place. If not paid by the trust, the depositor will pay the owner trustee and
the successor owner trustee for the expenses for replacement of the owner trustee.
The trust agreement
will terminate when:
On termination of
the trust agreement, any remaining trust assets will be distributed to the holder of the residual interest in the trust and the
trust will be terminated.
Indenture Trustee
The Bank of New York
Mellon, a New York banking corporation
, will act as the "indenture trustee" under the indenture. Its principal corporate
trust office is located at 240 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10286. The Bank of New York Mellon has been, and currently is, serving
as indenture trustee and trustee for numerous securitization transactions and programs involving pools of auto receivables. The Bank of
New York Mellon is one of the largest corporate trust providers of trust services on securitization transactions.
The
indenture
trustee's main obligations will be to:
Except in limited circumstances, if a responsible
person of the indenture trustee knows of an event that with notice or the lapse of time or both would become an event of default, it must
provide written
122
notice to the noteholders within 90 days. If a responsible person of
the indenture trustee knows of an event of default, it must notify all noteholders within five business days. If the notes have been accelerated,
the indenture trustee may, and at the direction of a majority of the controlling class must, start proceedings for the collection of amounts
payable on the notes and enforce any judgment obtained, start foreclosure proceedings and, in some circumstances, sell the receivables.
The indenture trustee's obligations and standard
of care change depending on whether an event of default has occurred. Before an event of default, the indenture trustee is only required
to perform the obligations stated in the indenture and will not have any implied obligations and will not be liable for any action, omission
or error in judgment, except for its own willful misconduct, bad faith or negligence. After an event of default, the indenture trustee
must exercise its rights and powers under the indenture using the same degree of care and skill that a prudent person would use under
the circumstances in conducting his or her own affairs. After an event of default, the indenture trustee may assert claims on behalf of
the trust and the noteholders against the depositor and Ford Credit.
For a description of the rights and obligations
of the indenture trustee after an event of default and on acceleration of the notes, you should read "Description of the Notes —
Events of Default and Acceleration."
The indenture trustee must mail an annual report
to the noteholders if events stated in the Trust Indenture Act have occurred during the prior year, including a change to the indenture
trustee's eligibility under the Trust Indenture Act, a conflict of interest under the Trust Indenture Act, a release of trust assets from
the lien of the indenture and any action taken by the indenture trustee that has a material adverse effect on the notes.
The indenture trustee will not be required to exercise
any of its rights or powers, expend or risk its own funds or incur financial liability in the performance of its obligations if it has
reasonable grounds to believe that it is not likely to be repaid or indemnified by the trust. The indenture trustee also will not be required
to take action in response to litigation, investigations, requests, demands or directions of the noteholders, other than litigation, investigations,
requests, demands or directions relating to an asset representations review, unless the noteholders have offered reasonable security or
indemnity satisfactory to the indenture trustee to protect it against the costs and expenses that it may incur in complying with the litigation,
investigation, request, demand or direction.
The trust and the administrator will indemnify
the indenture trustee for liabilities and damages resulting from the indenture trustee's performance of its obligations under the indenture
unless resulting from the willful misconduct, bad faith or negligence (other than errors in judgment) of the indenture trustee or the
breach of representations made by the indenture trustee in the indenture. The servicer will indemnify the indenture trustee for damages
resulting from the servicer's willful misconduct, bad faith or negligence (other than errors of judgment) in the performance of its obligations
as servicer.
The trust will pay
the acceptance fees and annual fees of the indenture trustee, reimburse the indenture trustee for expenses incurred in performing
its obligations and pay any indemnities due to the indenture trustee, to the extent those amounts are not paid or reimbursed by the depositor
or the administrator. The trust will pay these amounts to the indenture trustee on each payment date, along with similar amounts owed
to the owner trustee and the asset representations reviewer and expenses incurred by the trust under the transaction documents, up to
the limit of $375,000 per year, before the trust makes any other payments. The trust will pay any of these amounts in excess of the limit
only after paying in full on that payment date all other fees and expenses of the trust and all required interest and principal payments
on the notes and after any required deposits in the reserve account have been made. After an event of default, however, these fees, expenses
and indemnities will be paid first.
Under the Trust Indenture Act, the indenture trustee
may be considered to have a conflict of interest and be required to resign as indenture trustee for the notes or any class of notes if
a default occurs under the indenture. In these circumstances, separate successor indenture trustees will be appointed for each class of
notes. Even if separate indenture trustees are appointed, only the indenture trustee acting on behalf of the controlling class will have
the right to exercise remedies and only the controlling class will have the right to direct or consent to any action to be taken, including
a sale of the receivables.
123
The indenture trustee may resign at any time by
notifying the trust at least 30 days in advance. A majority of the controlling class may remove the indenture trustee at any time and
for any reason by notifying the indenture trustee and the trust at least 30 days in advance. The trust must remove the indenture trustee
if the indenture trustee becomes legally unable to act as indenture trustee, becomes subject to a bankruptcy or is no longer eligible
to act as indenture trustee under the indenture because of changes in its legal status, financial condition or ratings. No resignation
or removal of the indenture trustee will be effective until a successor indenture trustee is in place. If not paid by the trust, the depositor
will pay the indenture trustee and the successor indenture trustee for any expenses for replacement of the indenture trustee.
Asset Representations Reviewer
Clayton Fixed Income
Services LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, or "Clayton," will act as the "asset representations reviewer"
under the asset representations review agreement. Clayton is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Covius Services, LLC. Clayton and its affiliates
have provided independent due diligence loan review and servicer oversight services since 1989. Clayton has been engaged as the asset
representations reviewer on more than 700 auto and equipment loan, lease and dealer floorplan and credit card securitization transactions
since 2015
.
Clayton and its affiliates are leading providers
of targeted due diligence reviews of securitized assets and policies and procedures of originators and servicers to assess compliance
with representations and warranties, regulatory and legal requirements, investor guidelines and settlement agreements. Clayton and its
affiliates have performed over 17 million loan reviews and provided ongoing oversight on over $2 trillion of securitization transactions
on behalf of investors, sponsors, issuers and originators, including government sponsored enterprises and other governmental agencies.
These services have been performed primarily on residential mortgage loan and residential mortgage-backed security transactions, although
Clayton and its affiliates have also performed these services for transactions involving auto loans, equipment leases, credit cards, commercial
mortgage loans, student loans, timeshare loans and boat and recreational vehicle loans.
The asset representations reviewer is an "eligible
asset representations reviewer," meaning that (i) it is not affiliated with the sponsor, the depositor, the servicer, the indenture
trustee, the owner trustee or any of their affiliates and (ii) neither it nor any of its affiliates has been hired by the sponsor
or the underwriters to perform pre-closing due diligence work on the receivables. For so long as the notes remain outstanding, the asset
representations reviewer must be an eligible asset representations reviewer.
The
asset
representations reviewer's main obligations will be to:
For a description of the review to be performed
by the asset representations reviewer, you should read "
Receivables — Asset Representations Review
."
The asset representations reviewer is not responsible
for (a) reviewing the receivables for compliance with the representations under the transaction documents, except in connection with
a review under the asset representations review agreement or (b) determining whether noncompliance with any representation is a breach
of the transaction documents or if any receivable is required to be repurchased.
The asset representations reviewer will not be
liable for any action, omission or error in judgment, except for its own willful misconduct, bad faith or negligence. The asset representations
reviewer will not be liable for any errors in any review materials relied on by it to perform a review or for the noncompliance or breach
of any representation made about the receivables.
124
The trust and the administrator will indemnify
the asset representations reviewer for liabilities and damages resulting from the asset representations reviewer's performance of its
obligations under the asset representations review agreement unless resulting from the willful misconduct, bad faith or negligence (other
than errors in judgment) of the asset representations reviewer or the breach of representations made by the asset representations reviewer
in the asset representations review agreement.
The trust will pay the annual fees and review fees
of the asset representations reviewer, reimburse the asset representations reviewer for their reasonable travel expenses for a review
and pay any indemnities due to the asset representations reviewer, to the extent those amounts are not paid or reimbursed by the administrator.
The trust will pay these amounts to the asset representations reviewer on each payment date, along with similar amounts owed to the indenture
trustee and the owner trustee and expenses incurred by the trust under the transaction documents, up to the limit of $375,000 per year,
before the trust makes any other payments. The trust will pay any of these amounts in excess of the limit only after paying in full on
that payment date all other fees and expenses of the trust and all required interest and principal payments on the notes and after any
required deposits in the reserve account have been made. After an event of default, however, these fees, expenses and indemnities will
be paid first.
The asset representations reviewer may not resign,
unless it becomes legally unable to perform its obligations as asset representations reviewer. The trust may remove the asset representations
reviewer if the asset representations reviewer (a) ceases to be an eligible asset representations reviewer, (b) breaches any
of its representations, covenants or obligations or (c) becomes subject to a bankruptcy. No resignation or removal of the asset representations
reviewer will be effective until a successor asset representations reviewer who is an eligible asset representations reviewer is in place.
The asset representations reviewer will pay the expenses of transitioning the asset representations reviewer's obligations to the successor
asset representations reviewer.
Affiliations
and Related Transactions
Ford Credit is the
sponsor of this securitization transaction, the original purchaser of the receivables originated by motor vehicle dealers that
are being securitized and the servicer of the receivables. As the sponsor, Ford Credit caused the depositor to be formed for purposes
of participating in securitization transactions. Ford Credit is the sole member of the depositor. Ford Credit caused the depositor to
form the trust that is the issuing entity for this securitization transaction and will be the administrator of the trust. The depositor
is the sole beneficiary of the trust and the holder of the residual interest in the trust.
In the ordinary course
of business from time to
time, Ford Credit and its affiliates have business relationships and agreements with the owner trustee,
the indenture trustee and the asset representations reviewer and their affiliates, including commercial banking and corporate trust services,
committed credit facilities, underwriting agreements, hedging agreements, investment and financial advisory services, due diligence services
and securitization services, all on arm's length terms and conditions.
Transaction
Fees and Expenses
The following table shows the amount or formula
for the fees payable to the indenture trustee, the owner trustee, the asset representations reviewer and the servicer. The fees of the
indenture trustee, the owner trustee and the asset representations reviewer may be paid monthly, annually or on another schedule as agreed
by the administrator and the indenture trustee, the owner trustee and the asset representations reviewer. To the extent these fees have
not been paid by the depositor or the administrator, they will be paid on each payment date from available funds in the order of priority
described in
"Description of the Notes — Priority of Payments."
These fees will not change during the term of this
securitization transaction.
125
[TABLE:446]
The indenture trustee acceptance fee and the owner
trustee acceptance fee are one-time fees payable to the indenture trustee and the owner trustee on closing of the transaction in consideration
of their acceptance of their obligations under the transaction documents. The indenture trustee annual fee will be paid to the indenture
trustee for performance of its obligations under the indenture. The owner trustee annual fee will be paid to the owner trustee for performance
of its obligations under the trust agreement. The asset representations reviewer annual fee will be paid to the asset representations
reviewer in consideration of its obligation to perform the asset representations reviewer's obligations under the asset representations
review agreement. The asset representations reviewer review fee will be paid to the asset representations reviewer on completion of a
review for its performance of the review.
The trust will pay
and reimburse the indenture trustee and the owner trustee for their fees and reasonable expenses incurred under the indenture and the
trust agreement and the asset representations reviewer for its reasonable travel expenses for a review under the asset representations
review agreement, each to the extent not paid by the depositor or the administrator. The trust also will pay any indemnities owed to the
indenture trustee, the owner trustee or the asset representations reviewer if not paid by the depositor or the administrator.
For
information about indemnities applicable to the indenture trustee, the owner trustee and the asset representations reviewer, you should
read "Transaction Parties — Indenture Trustee," "Transaction Parties — Owner Trustee" and "Transaction
Parties — Asset Representations Reviewer."
The servicing fee will be paid to the servicer
for the servicing of the receivables under the sale and servicing agreement. The servicer will be responsible for its own expenses under
the servicing agreement except that the servicer may net from collections the costs and expenses of the repossession and disposition of
financed vehicles and external costs of collection on charged off receivables.
Use of
Proceeds
The net proceeds
from the sale of the notes issued on the closing date will be used by the depositor to purchase the receivables from Ford
Credit.
Ford Credit will use the proceeds from the sale of the receivables for general corporate purposes. No expenses were incurred in connection
with the selection or acquisition of receivables for this securitization transaction.
Legal
Proceedings
There are no legal proceedings pending or known
to be contemplated by any governmental authorities against the sponsor, the depositor, the owner trustee, the indenture trustee, the trust
or the servicer, or of which any of their property is subject, that are material to noteholders.
Important
Legal Considerations
Bankruptcy Considerations
Sale of Receivables
by Ford Credit to the Depositor.
The sale of the receivables by Ford Credit to the depositor will be structured to minimize
the possibility that a bankruptcy proceeding of Ford Credit will adversely affect the trust's rights in the receivables. Ford Credit and
the depositor intend that the sale of the receivables by Ford Credit to the depositor will be a "true sale." The depositor will
have no recourse to Ford Credit other than the limited obligation to repurchase receivables for breaches of representations.
126
On the closing date, Ford Credit and the depositor
will receive a reasoned legal opinion that in a bankruptcy of Ford Credit:
This opinion will
be subject to assumptions and qualifications and a court in a Ford Credit bankruptcy proceeding may not reach the
same conclusion.
Structure of
Depositor; Risk of Substantive Consolidation.
The depositor is organized as a special purpose entity and is restricted
by its limited liability company agreement to activities designed to make it "bankruptcy-remote." These restrictions limit the
nature of its activities, prohibit the incurrence of additional indebtedness and make it unlikely that the depositor will have any creditors.
This agreement also restricts the depositor from starting a voluntary case or proceeding under U.S. bankruptcy laws or similar state laws
without the unanimous consent of its board of managers, including independent managers who are instructed to take into account the interests
of creditors of the depositor and the trusts created by the depositor, as well as the interests of the depositor, in any vote to allow
the depositor to file for bankruptcy. The limited liability company agreement also contains covenants meant to maintain the separate identity
of the depositor from Ford Credit and to avoid substantive consolidation of Ford Credit and the depositor. The most important of these
covenants require each company to maintain its separate existence, maintain separate books and bank accounts, prepare separate financial
statements and not hold itself as liable for debts of the other and not commingle the depositor's assets with the assets of Ford Credit
or its affiliates. These restrictions and covenants may not be amended without the consent of the entire board of managers, including
the independent managers, and satisfaction of the rating agency condition.
In addition, in the transaction documents, the
owner trustee, the indenture trustee and the noteholders will agree not to start or pursue a bankruptcy proceeding against the depositor.
On the closing date, Ford Credit and the depositor
will obtain a reasoned legal opinion that in a bankruptcy of Ford Credit, a creditor or bankruptcy trustee of Ford Credit (or Ford Credit
as debtor in possession) would not have valid grounds to request a court to disregard the separate legal existence of the depositor so
as to cause substantive consolidation of the assets and liabilities of the depositor with the assets and liabilities of Ford Credit in
a manner prejudicial to the noteholders. This opinion will be subject to assumptions and qualifications, including an assumption that
the depositor and Ford Credit comply with its limited liability company agreement. A court in a Ford Credit bankruptcy proceeding may
not reach the same conclusion. If the separate legal existence of Ford Credit and the depositor were disregarded and the assets and liabilities
of Ford Credit and the depositor were consolidated, assets of the depositor could be used to satisfy Ford Credit's creditors instead of
the noteholders or the trust. This consolidation of assets and liabilities generally is referred to as "substantive consolidation."
Sale of Receivables
by the Depositor to the Trust; Perfection of Security Interests.
The transfer of the receivables by the depositor to the
trust will also be structured as a sale. Similar to the sale by Ford Credit to the depositor, where Ford Credit is the sole member of
the depositor, the depositor will retain an interest in the receivables it sells in the form of a residual interest in the trust. This
transfer may not be a "true sale" that removes the receivables from the bankruptcy estate of the depositor. The depositor will
grant a back-up security interest in the receivables to the trust and will file Uniform Commercial Code financing statements to perfect
the trust's ownership interest and security interest in the receivables. The trust agreement contains terms similar to those in the depositor's
limited liability company agreement designed to make it "bankruptcy-remote" by limiting the trust's activities and requiring
creditors to agree not to start a bankruptcy proceeding against the trust.
Assuming that the sale of the receivables by Ford
Credit to the depositor is a "true sale," the depositor is not consolidated with Ford Credit in a bankruptcy of Ford Credit
and the depositor is not in bankruptcy, the trust's perfected security interest in the receivables generally will provide the trust with
127
uninterrupted access to collections on the receivables (other than any
collections held by Ford Credit as servicer at the time a bankruptcy proceeding is begun). The trust will grant a security interest in
the receivables and other trust assets to the indenture trustee for the benefit of the noteholders, and the administrator will file Uniform
Commercial Code financing statements to perfect and maintain the perfection of the security interest.
Bankruptcy
Proceedings of Ford Credit, the Depositor or the Servicer
.
The depositor does not intend to start, and Ford Credit
will agree that it will not cause the depositor to start, a voluntary bankruptcy proceeding while the depositor is solvent.
The bankruptcy of the servicer will be a servicer
termination event. If no other servicer termination event other than a bankruptcy exists, a trustee-in-bankruptcy of the servicer, or
the servicer as debtor-in-possession, may have the power to prevent either the indenture trustee or the noteholders from terminating the
servicer, or to reject, assume or modify the contracts to which the servicer is party if the requisite approvals of the bankruptcy court
or creditors are obtained.
Payments made by
Ford
Credit or the depositor to repurchase receivables may be recoverable by Ford Credit or the depositor, as debtor-in-possession,
or by a creditor or a trustee-in-bankruptcy of Ford Credit or of the depositor as a preferential transfer from Ford Credit or the depositor
if the payments were made within one year before the filing of a bankruptcy proceeding against Ford Credit.
The Dodd-Frank Act
Orderly Liquidation
Authority.
The Dodd-Frank Act established the Orderly Liquidation Authority, or "OLA," under which the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation, or "FDIC," is authorized to act as receiver of a financial company and its subsidiaries. OLA
differs from U.S. federal bankruptcy laws in several ways. In addition, because the legislation remains subject to clarification through
FDIC regulations and has yet to be applied by the FDIC in a receivership, it is unclear what impact OLA will have on a particular company,
including Ford Credit, the depositor, the trust, or their respective creditors.
Potential Applicability
to Ford Credit, the Depositor and the Trust.
It is not clear which companies will be subject to OLA rather than the U.S.
federal bankruptcy laws. For a company to become subject to OLA, the Secretary of the Treasury (in consultation with the President of
the United States) must determine that (a) the company is in default or in danger of default, (b) the failure of the company
and its resolution under the U.S. federal bankruptcy laws would have serious adverse effects on financial stability in the United States,
(c) no viable private sector alternative is available to prevent the default of the company and (d) an OLA proceeding would
mitigate these effects. It is not clear whether OLA would be applied to Ford Credit, although it is expected that OLA will be used only
very rarely. The depositor or the trust could, under some circumstances, also be subject to OLA.
FDIC's Avoidance
Power Under OLA.
The parts of OLA relating to preferential transfers differ from those of the U.S. federal bankruptcy laws.
If Ford Credit were to become subject to OLA, there is an interpretation under OLA that previous transfers of receivables by Ford Credit
perfected for purposes of state law and the U.S. federal bankruptcy laws could nevertheless be avoided by the FDIC as preferential transfers.
In this case, the receivables securing the notes could be reclaimed by the FDIC and the noteholders may have only an unsecured claim against
Ford Credit.
In July 2011, the FDIC adopted final rules which
harmonize the application of the FDIC's avoidance power under OLA with the related parts of the U.S. federal bankruptcy laws. Based on
these rules, the transfer of the receivables by Ford Credit would not be avoidable by the FDIC as a preference under OLA.
FDIC's Repudiation
Power Under OLA
. If the FDIC is appointed receiver of a company under OLA, the FDIC would have the power to repudiate any
contract to which the company was a party, if the FDIC determined that performance of the contract was burdensome and that repudiation
would promote the orderly administration of the company's affairs.
128
In January 2011,
the Acting
General Counsel of the FDIC issued an advisory opinion confirming:
Ford Credit and
the
depositor intend that the sale of the receivables by Ford Credit to the depositor will be a "true sale" between separate legal
entities under state law. As a result, Ford Credit believes that the FDIC would not be able to recover the receivables using its repudiation
power.
Although the advisory opinion does not bind the
FDIC, and could be modified or withdrawn in the future, the opinion provides that it will apply to asset transfers which occur before
the end of any transition period adopted to implement future regulation addressing the FDIC's repudiation authority under OLA. However,
it is not certain that the FDIC will address its repudiation authority under OLA in future regulations or that future regulations or FDIC
actions in an OLA proceeding involving Ford Credit, the depositor or the trust would not be contrary to this opinion.
If the trust were
placed in receivership under OLA, the FDIC would have the power to repudiate the notes issued by the trust. In that case, the FDIC would
be required to pay compensatory damages that are no less than the then outstanding
principal amount of the notes plus accrued interest
as of the date the FDIC was appointed receiver and, to the extent that the value of the property that secured the notes is greater than
the principal amount of the notes and accrued interest through the date of repudiation or disaffirmance, that accrued interest.
Security Interests in Receivables and Vehicles
The sale and
assignment
of the receivables to the trust, the perfection of the security interests pledged in the receivables and the enforcement of rights to
realize on the financed vehicles as collateral for the receivables will be subject to a number of federal and state laws, including the
Uniform Commercial Code in effect in each state. The retail installment sale contracts, both tangible and electronic, purchased by Ford
Credit are "chattel paper" for purposes of the Uniform Commercial Code. The sale, assignment and pledge of "chattel paper"
may be perfected either by taking physical possession of tangible contracts and taking and maintaining "control" (within the
meaning of the Uniform Commercial Code) of electronic contracts or by the filing of financing statements under the Uniform Commercial
Code.
All retail installment
sale contracts acquired by Ford Credit are assigned to Ford Credit by the dealer under the terms of an assignment agreement. Each
retail installment sale contract includes a grant by the obligor of a security interest in the financed vehicle. Ford Credit either takes
physical possession, for tangible contracts, or takes and maintains "control," for electronic contracts, to obtain a perfected
security interest in the contract against the dealer. The tangible contracts are held by Ford Credit or by a third-party vendor. The electronic
contracts are stored in a specially-designed computer system maintained by a third-party vendor that identifies Ford Credit as the owner
and establishes Ford Credit's "control" of the electronic contracts.
The sale and assignment
of the receivables from Ford Credit to the depositor and from the depositor to the trust and the pledge of the receivables from the trust
to the indenture trustee, will be perfected, at each stage, by the filing of a financing statement under the Uniform Commercial Code.
Ford Credit will not transfer physical possession or "control" of the contracts to the trust or the indenture trustee, but will
maintain
possession and "control" and act as custodian for the trust and the indenture trustee. Ford Credit will mark
its accounting records and computer systems to reflect the assignment and pledge, but
129
will not segregate the contracts that are in its possession or "control"
and they will not be stamped or marked to reflect the sale and assignment to the trust or the pledge to the indenture trustee so long
as Ford Credit is servicing the receivables.
Ford Credit follows procedures to perfect its security
interest in the financed vehicle usually by notation of its lien on the certificate of title for the financed vehicle. Generally, these
procedures require the dealer to apply for a title that includes Ford Credit's lien immediately after Ford Credit's purchase of a contract.
The vehicle titling laws of most states also allow Ford Credit to retain possession of the certificate of title until the contract is
paid in full. The procedures to perfect Ford Credit's lien on the financed vehicle depend on the actions of third parties, including dealers,
vehicle owners and state and local motor vehicle registration authorities. If Ford Credit obtains a validly perfected security interest
in the financed vehicle on a timely basis, the trust, as assignee of the receivable, will also have the benefits of this security interest
in most states. To avoid the administrative burden and costs, no financed vehicles are re-registered to identify the trust as the new
secured party on the certificate of title and the obligors will not be notified that their contracts have been sold except where notice
is required by law. If Ford Credit does not obtain a perfected security interest in the financed vehicle due to fraud, forgery, negligence
or administrative error of a third party, its security interest and, therefore, that of the trust, could be subordinated to later purchasers
of the financed vehicle and later lenders with a perfected security interest. If the trust does not have a perfected security interest
in a financed vehicle, its ability to realize on the financed vehicle after an obligor default would be adversely affected. Under the
sale and servicing agreement, the servicer must take appropriate steps to maintain perfection of the security interest in the financed
vehicles and must purchase the receivable if it fails to do so and the receivable is materially and adversely affected.
In most states, a
perfected security interest in a financed vehicle continues for four months after the vehicle is moved to a new state from the state where
it is registered and thereafter until the vehicle owner re-registers the vehicle in the new state. Ford Credit, as secured party, must
surrender possession if it holds the certificate of title to the financed vehicle, or would receive notice of surrender if its security
interest is noted on the certificate of title. In either case, Ford Credit would have the opportunity to continue its security
interest
in the financed vehicle in the new state. Similarly, when an obligor sells a financed vehicle, Ford Credit must surrender possession of
the certificate of title or will receive notice as a lienholder and will have an opportunity to require repayment of the receivable before
release of the lien. Under the sale and servicing agreement, the servicer must take appropriate steps to maintain perfection of the security
interests in the financed vehicles and must purchase the receivable if it fails to do so and the receivable is materially and adversely
affected.
The trust's security
interest in the receivable or the financed vehicle may be subordinated because federal or state law gives the holders of some types of
liens, such as tax liens or mechanic's liens, priority over even the properly perfected lien of other secured parties. In addition, if
a financed vehicle is confiscated by a
government agency, Ford Credit may not be able to obtain possession of the vehicle and enforce
the security interest unless it completes documentation required by the agency, including a "hold harmless" agreement. Unless
Ford Credit fails to follow its policies and procedures, Ford Credit will not be required to purchase a receivable in these circumstances.
Receivables Contracts and Vehicles
Repossession;
Notice of Sale and Cure Rights
. If an obligor defaults on its retail installment sale contract, the servicer will have
certain remedies available under that retail installment sale contract as allowed by state laws. These remedies include the right to perform
self-help repossession unless it would be a breach of the peace or unless prohibited by state law. Self-help repossession is the method
used by Ford Credit in most cases and usually is accomplished by retaining an independent contractor to take possession of the financed
vehicle. In cases where the obligor objects or raises a defense to repossession, or if required by state law, Ford Credit may have to
obtain a court order before repossessing the vehicle.
If an obligor is in default under its retail installment
sale contract, some states require that the obligor be notified of the default and given time to correct the default before repossession.
In Ford Credit's experience, this right to correct is exercised by only a limited number of defaulted obligors.
130
On repossession of a vehicle, Ford Credit provides
the obligor with notice of the date, time and place of a public sale and/or the date after which a private sale of the vehicle may be
held. The obligor has the right to redeem the vehicle before sale by paying the unpaid balance of the contract plus reasonable expenses
for repossessing, holding, and preparing the vehicle for disposition and arranging for the sale, including attorney's fees when allowed
by law. In some states, the obligor has the right to reinstate the contract by payment of past due amounts and other amounts instead of
all amounts due under the contract.
Deficiency
Judgments
. Ford Credit generally is required to apply the proceeds of sale of a repossessed vehicle to the expenses of
resale and repossession and then to the satisfaction of the indebtedness of the obligor on the receivable. If the net proceeds from sale
do not cover the full amount of the obligation, Ford Credit may seek a deficiency judgment in some states, but other states prohibit or
limit deficiency judgments. Because a deficiency judgment is an unsecured personal judgment against the obligor for the shortfall, in
many cases it is not worthwhile to seek one. If a deficiency judgment is obtained, it may be settled at a significant discount or it may
be impossible to collect.
Consumer Financial
Protection Laws
. Numerous federal and state consumer financial protection laws and regulations impose substantial requirements
on dealers, finance companies, lenders and servicers involved in consumer finance, including Ford Credit, and impose statutory liabilities
on those who fail to comply with them. The most significant consumer financial protection laws regulating the receivables include:
State motor vehicle
retail installment sales acts and other state laws regulate fees, finance charges, collection processes and licensing requirements. In
some cases, these laws could affect the trust's ability to enforce the receivables or subject the trust to claims and defenses of the
obligor including claims the obligor may assert against the motor vehicle dealer who sold the financed vehicle. In addition, courts have
imposed general equitable principles on secured parties pursuing repossession of collateral or litigation involving deficiency balances.
These equitable principles may relieve an obligor from some or all of the legal consequences of a default
.
Ford Credit and the depositor will represent that
each receivable complies in all material respects with requirements of law and that each receivable is not subject to claims or defenses
of the obligor. This representation is based on Ford Credit's review of form contract terms, its review of completed contracts for errors
apparent in the contract, and dealer representations of contract disclosure accuracy in agreements between Ford Credit and the dealer.
If an obligor has a claim against the trust for a violation of law related to a receivable, that violation would be a breach by Ford Credit
and the depositor and if the breach has a material adverse effect on a receivable, Ford Credit and the depositor would have to repurchase
the receivable unless the breach is corrected in all material respects before the date the receivable is required to be repurchased.
Under the terms of the Servicemembers Civil Relief
Act and similar state laws, Ford Credit may not charge off a receivable or use self-help methods to repossess the vehicle of an obligor
who enters military service after entering into a qualifying retail installment sale contract. In addition, an obligor who enters military
service may be entitled to forgiveness of finance charges in excess of 6% per year, and a
131
corresponding reduction in the amount of each monthly payment. Receivables
with obligors who are in the military or who enter the military may be included in the receivables owned by the trust and neither the
depositor nor Ford Credit will be required to repurchase a receivable that becomes subject to these laws.
Bankruptcy
Limitations
. U.S. bankruptcy laws affect the ability of the trust to realize on collateral or enforce a deficiency judgment.
For example, in a Chapter 13 proceeding under the Bankruptcy Code, a bankruptcy court may prevent a creditor from repossessing a vehicle
and, as part of the plan of reorganization may, in limited circumstances, reduce the amount of the secured indebtedness to the market
value of the financed vehicle at the time of bankruptcy, leaving the creditor as a general unsecured creditor for the remainder of the
indebtedness. A bankruptcy court may also reduce the monthly payments due under a contract or change the rate of interest and time of
repayment of the indebtedness. Neither the depositor nor Ford Credit will be required to repurchase a receivable that becomes subject
to a bankruptcy proceeding after the cutoff date solely as a result of the bankruptcy.
Investment
Considerations
The Class A-1 notes will be structured to
be eligible for purchase by money market funds under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940. Rule 2a-7 includes
additional criteria for investments by money market funds, including requirements relating to portfolio maturity, quality and diversification.
Any determinations as to the qualification of the Class A-1 notes under, and compliance with, these other requirements of Rule 2a-7
are solely the responsibility of each money market fund and its investment advisor.
A money market fund should consider whether an
investment by the money market fund in the Class A-1 notes satisfies the money market fund's investment policies and objectives,
and should consult its own legal advisors in determining whether and to what extent the Class A-1 notes are a legal investment or
are subject to restrictions on investment.
For more information about Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, you
should read "Risk Factors – Eligibility of the Class A-1 notes under Rule 2a-7
."
Tax Considerations
General
Below is a description of the anticipated material
U.S. federal income tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of the notes offered by this prospectus. This description
is based on current provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or "Internal Revenue Code," existing and proposed
Treasury regulations, current administrative rulings, judicial decisions and other authorities all of which are subject to change, perhaps
with retroactive effect. There are no cases or Internal Revenue Service, or "IRS," rulings on similar transactions involving
debt issued by a trust with terms similar to those of the notes. It is not certain that the IRS will not challenge the conclusions reached
in this description, and no ruling from the IRS has been or will be sought on any of the issues described below. Furthermore, legislative,
judicial or administrative changes may occur, perhaps with retroactive effect, which could affect the accuracy of the statements and conclusions
in this prospectus.
This description does not deal with all aspects
of U.S. federal income taxation that may be relevant to the holders of notes in light of their personal investment circumstances nor,
except for specific limited descriptions of particular topics, to noteholders subject to special treatment under the U.S. federal income
tax laws, such as non-U.S. noteholders, insurance companies, tax-exempt organizations, financial institutions or broker dealers, taxpayers
subject to the alternative minimum tax, holders that will hold the notes as part of a hedge, straddle, appreciated financial position
or conversion transaction and holders that will hold the notes as other than capital assets. This information is directed only to prospective
noteholders who:
132
As used in this section of this prospectus, the
term "U.S. noteholder" means a beneficial owner of a note that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes:
The term "U.S. noteholder" also includes
a noteholder whose income or gain on its investment in a note is effectively connected with the conduct of a U.S. trade or business. As
used in this section of the prospectus, the term "non-U.S. noteholder" means a beneficial owner of a note other than a U.S.
noteholder and other than a partnership.
If a partnership (including any entity treated
as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) owns a note, the tax treatment of a partner in the partnership will depend on the
status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. Partners are encouraged to consult their tax advisors as to the particular
U.S. federal income tax consequences to them.
Prospective noteholders are encouraged to consult
with their tax advisors as to the U.S. federal, state and local, foreign and other tax consequences to them of the purchase, ownership
and disposition of notes.
Tax Characterization of Trust
In the opinion of Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP, tax
counsel to the depositor, assuming compliance with the terms of the trust agreement and transaction documents, the trust will not be an
association or publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
If the IRS successfully asserted that one or more
classes of notes did not represent debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the class or classes of notes might be treated as equity
interests in the trust. If so treated, the trust might be treated as a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation with potentially
adverse tax consequences, including not being able to reduce its taxable income by deductions for interest expense on notes recharacterized
as equity. Alternatively, the trust could be treated as a publicly traded partnership that would not be taxable as a corporation because
it would satisfy a safe harbor. Nonetheless, treatment of notes as equity interests in a publicly traded partnership could have adverse
tax consequences to some noteholders. For example, income to some tax-exempt entities (including pension funds) would be "unrelated
business taxable income," income to non-U.S. noteholders may be subject to U.S. withholding tax and U.S. tax return filing requirements,
and individual holders might be subject to some limitations on their ability to deduct their share of trust expenses.
Tax Characterization and Treatment of Notes
Characterization
as Debt.
In the opinion of Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP, the offered notes will be treated as debt for U.S. federal income
tax purposes to the extent they are treated as beneficially owned by a person other than the sponsor or its affiliates for such purposes.
The depositor, the servicer, the indenture trustee and each noteholder, by acquiring an interest in a note, will agree to treat the notes
as
133
debt for U.S. federal, state and local income and franchise tax purposes.
Neither the opinion of tax counsel nor the agreement to treat the notes as debt is binding on the IRS or the courts.
For a description of the potential U.S. federal
income tax consequences to noteholders if the IRS were successful in challenging the characterization of the notes for U.S. federal income
tax purposes, you should read "— Tax Characterization of Trust" above.
Treatment of
Stated Interest.
The stated interest on a note that constitutes qualified stated interest will be taxable to a holder as
ordinary income when received or accrued according to the holder's method of tax accounting. For stated interest to be qualified stated
interest it must be payable at least annually and reasonable remedies must exist to compel timely payment or the terms of the instrument
must make late payment or non-payment sufficiently remote for purposes of the original issue discount, or "OID," rules. Although
stated interest on the Class B notes can be deferred under certain circumstances, the trust intends to treat the potential deferral
as sufficiently remote for purposes of the OID rules and treat the stated interest on the notes as qualified stated interest.
Original Issue
Discount.
The Class C notes will be issued with OID and other classes of notes may be issued with OID. For tax purposes,
Class C notes will be treated as issued upon the first date such notes are sold to a person unrelated to the trust. A holder of a
note issued with OID must include the OID in income as it accrues, regardless of whether it receives cash payments and regardless of the
holder's method of accounting. OID is the excess of the stated redemption price at maturity of a debt instrument over its issue price,
unless that excess is less than a de minimis amount. A note's stated redemption price at maturity is the aggregate of all payments required
to be made under the note except qualified stated interest. Subject to certain other requirements, qualified stated interest is interest
payments on a note that are unconditionally payable at least annually. The issue price will be the first price at which a substantial
amount of notes are sold, excluding sales to bond houses, brokers or similar persons acting as underwriters, placement agents or wholesalers.
Holders of the notes must include OID in income calculated on a constant-yield method. The trust intends to treat the notes as debt instruments
described in Section 1272(a)(6) of the Internal Revenue Code (debt instruments that may be accelerated by reason of the prepayment
of other debt obligations securing such debt instruments). Special tax rules principally relating to the accrual of OID apply to
debt instruments described in Section 1272(a)(6) of the Internal Revenue Code. Accordingly, accruals of OID on the notes will
be calculated using a prepayment assumption. Adjustments will be made to the amount of discount accruing in each taxable year in which
the actual prepayment rate differs from the prepayment assumption. The prepayment assumption that will be used for purposes of computing
OID with respect to the notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes is 1.3% ABS. Prospective investors should consult with their own tax
advisors regarding the effects of Section 1272(a)(6) of the Internal Revenue Code.
Disposition
of Notes.
If a noteholder sells or disposes of a note, the holder will recognize gain or loss in an amount equal to the
difference between the amount realized on the sale or disposition and the holder's adjusted tax basis in the note. The holder's adjusted
tax basis will equal the holder's cost for the note, increased by any OID and market discount previously included by the noteholder in
income on the note and decreased by any bond premium previously amortized and any payments of principal and OID previously received by
the noteholder on the note. Any gain or loss on sale or disposition will be capital gain or loss if the note was held as a capital asset,
except for gain representing accrued interest or accrued market discount not previously included in income. Capital gain or loss will
be long-term if the note was held by the holder for more than one year and otherwise will be short-term.
Information
Reporting and Backup Withholding.
The indenture trustee will be required to report annually to the IRS, and to each noteholder
of record, the amount of interest paid on the notes, and any amount of interest withheld for U.S. federal income taxes, except as to exempt
holders (generally, corporations, tax-exempt organizations, qualified pension and profit-sharing trusts, individual retirement accounts,
or nonresident aliens who provide certification as to their status). Each holder who is not an exempt holder will be required to provide
to the indenture trustee, under penalties of perjury, a certificate containing the holder's name, address, correct federal taxpayer identification
number and a statement that the holder is not subject to backup withholding. Should a holder fail to provide the required certification,
the indenture trustee will be required to withhold the tax from interest payable to the holder and pay the withheld amount to the IRS.
134
Tax Consequences
to Non-U.S. Noteholders.
Subject to the application of the FATCA withholding tax described in
"—Payments
to Foreign Financial Institutions and Certain Other Non-U.S. Entities"
below, a non-U.S. noteholder who is an individual or corporation
(or a person treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) holding the notes on its own behalf and not in connection
with the conduct of a U.S. trade or business will not be subject to U.S. federal income taxes on payments of principal, premium, interest
or OID on a note, unless the non-U.S. noteholder is a direct or indirect 10% or greater shareholder of the trust or a controlled foreign
corporation related to the trust. To qualify for the exemption from taxation, the withholding agent must have received a signed statement
from the individual or corporation that:
A "withholding agent" is the last U.S.
payor (or a non-U.S. payor who is a qualified intermediary, U.S. branch of a foreign person, or withholding foreign partnership) in the
chain of payment before payment to a non-U.S. noteholder (which itself is not a withholding agent). Generally, this statement is made
on an IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or any substitute form), which generally is effective for the remainder of the year of signature
plus three full calendar years unless a change in circumstances makes any information on the form incorrect. Under some circumstances,
an IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E can remain effective indefinitely. The beneficial owner must inform the withholding agent within 30
days of a change in circumstances that makes any information on the form incorrect and furnish a new IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E
to the withholding agent.
A non-U.S. noteholder who is not an individual
or corporation (or a person treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) holding the notes on its own behalf may have
substantially increased reporting requirements and is encouraged to consult its tax advisor.
A non-U.S. noteholder whose income on its investment
in a note is effectively connected with the conduct of a U.S. trade or business would generally be taxed as if the holder was a U.S. noteholder.
Some securities clearing organizations, and other
entities who are not beneficial owners, may be able to provide the signed statement to the withholding agent. However, in this case, the
signed statement may require a copy of the beneficial owner's IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or the substitute form).
Any capital gain realized on the sale, redemption,
retirement or other taxable disposition of a note by a non-U.S. noteholder will be exempt from U.S. federal income and withholding tax
so long as:
If the interest, gain or income on a note held
by a non-U.S. noteholder is effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business in the United States by the non-U.S. noteholder,
the holder, although exempt from the withholding tax described above if an appropriate statement is furnished, will generally be subject
to U.S. federal income tax on the interest, gain or income at regular federal income tax rates. In addition, if the non-U.S. noteholder
is a foreign corporation, it may be subject to a branch profits tax equal to 30 percent of its "effectively connected earnings and
profits" within the meaning of the Internal Revenue Code for the taxable year, unless it qualifies for a lower rate under a tax treaty.
Payments to
Foreign Financial Institutions and Certain Other Non-U.S. Entities
. A 30% withholding tax generally will apply to payments
of interest that are made to foreign financial institutions and certain non-financial foreign entities. Withholding tax, imposed under
sections 1471 through 1474 of the Internal Revenue Code, or "FATCA," generally will not apply where payments are made to (i) a
135
foreign financial institution that enters into an agreement with the
IRS to, among other requirements, undertake to identify accounts held by certain U.S. persons or U.S.-owned foreign entities, report annually
certain information about those accounts and withhold tax as may be required by that agreement, or (ii) a non-financial foreign entity
that certifies it does not have substantial U.S. owners or furnishes identifying information about each substantial U.S. owner. Alternative
requirements may apply to foreign entities subject to an intergovernmental agreement for the implementation of FATCA. The FATCA withholding
tax applies regardless of whether a payment would be exempt from U.S. non-resident withholding tax (such as under the portfolio interest
exemption or as capital gain) and regardless of whether a foreign financial institution is the beneficial owner of a payment. Prospective
noteholders should consult their own tax advisors about the application and requirements of information reporting and withholding under
FATCA and any intergovernmental agreement for the implementation of FATCA.
State and Local Tax
Because of the variation in the tax laws of each
state and locality, it is impossible to predict the tax classification of the trust or the tax consequences to the trust or to holders
of notes in all of the state and local taxing jurisdictions in which they may be subject to tax. Prospective noteholders are encouraged
to consult their tax advisors about state and local taxation of the trust and state and local tax consequences of the purchase, ownership
and disposition of notes.
ERISA
Considerations
General Investment Considerations
The Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974, or "ERISA," and the Internal Revenue Code impose obligations and requirements on employee benefit
plans and other retirement plans and arrangements (such as individual retirement accounts and Keogh plans) that are subject to Title I
of ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code, referred to as "plans," and some entities (including insurance
company general accounts and investment vehicles) whose assets are deemed to include assets of plans, and on persons who are fiduciaries
of plans. Any person who exercises authority or control over the management or disposition of a plan's assets or who gives investment
advice for a fee or other compensation regarding a plan is considered to be a fiduciary of that plan
, or a "plan fiduciary."
Below is a description of the anticipated consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of the notes offered by this prospectus
by a plan or a fiduciary of that plan. Under ERISA's general fiduciary standards, before investing in the notes, a plan fiduciary should
determine, among other factors:
In addition, ERISA and Section 4975 of the
Internal Revenue Code prohibit a broad range of transactions involving assets of a plan and persons who are "parties in interest"
under ERISA or "disqualified persons" under Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code. A violation of these rules may
result in the imposition of significant excise taxes and other liabilities.
Subject to the considerations
described in this section, plans generally may purchase the notes.
A fiduciary of a plan should carefully review with its legal
and other advisors whether the purchase, holding or disposition of any notes could give rise to a transaction prohibited or impermissible
under ERISA or
136
Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code, and should consider
the restrictions on the purchase, holding and/or disposition of the notes. Unless otherwise stated, references to the purchase, holding
and disposition of the notes in these sections also refer to the purchase, holding and disposition of a beneficial interest in the notes.
Prohibited Transactions
Whether or not an
investment in the notes will give rise to a transaction prohibited or impermissible under ERISA
or Section 4975 of the Internal
Revenue Code will depend on whether the assets of the trust will be deemed to be "plan assets" of a plan investing in notes
issued by the trust. Under a regulation issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, or the "plan
assets regulation," a plan's assets may be deemed to include an interest in the assets of the trust if the plan acquires an "equity
interest" in the trust and none of the exceptions in the plan assets regulation are applicable. In general, an "equity interest"
is defined under the plan assets regulation as any interest in an entity other than an instrument which is treated as indebtedness under
local law and which has no substantial equity features.
The depositor believes
that the notes will be treated as indebtedness without substantial equity features for purposes of the plan assets regulation. This assessment
is based on the traditional debt features of the notes, including the reasonable expectation of purchasers of the notes that the notes
will be repaid when due,
traditional default remedies, and on the absence of conversion rights, warrants and other typical equity
features.
Without regard to
whether the notes are treated as debt for ERISA purposes, the purchase, holding and disposition of the notes by or on behalf of a plan
could be considered to give rise to a direct or indirect prohibited
transaction under ERISA or Section 4975 of the Internal
Revenue Code if the trust, the owner trustee, the indenture trustee, any underwriter or any of their affiliates, including Ford Credit,
is or becomes a "party in interest" under ERISA or a "disqualified person" under Section 4975 of the Internal
Revenue Code for the plan. In this case, exemptions from the prohibited transaction rules could apply to the purchase, holding and
disposition of notes by or on behalf of a plan depending on the type and circumstances of the plan fiduciary making the decision to purchase
a note and the relationship of the party in interest to the plan or investor using plan assets, collectively, the "plan investor."
Included among these exemptions are:
In addition, Section 408(b)(17) of ERISA and
Section 4975(d)(20) of the Internal Revenue Code provide an exemption for some transactions between a plan and a person that is a
party in interest or disqualified person for a plan solely by reason of providing services to the plan or having a relationship with a
service provider (other than a party in interest or a disqualified person that is, or is an affiliate of, a fiduciary for the assets of
the plan involved in the transaction), if the plan pays no more than, and receives no less than, adequate consideration in connection
with the transaction. However, even if the conditions in one or more applicable exemptions are met, the scope of relief may not necessarily
cover all acts that might be construed as prohibited transactions.
137
Due to the possibility
that the
sponsor, the trust, the underwriters or any of their affiliates, or the "transaction parties," may receive certain
benefits in connection with the sale or holding of the notes, the purchase of the notes using plan assets over which any of the transaction
parties has investment authority, renders investment advice to for a fee with respect to the plan assets or is the employer or other sponsor
of the plan, may be deemed to be a violation of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code. Accordingly, the notes
may not be purchased using plan assets if any of the transaction parties has investment authority, renders investment advice to for a
fee with respect to the plan assets or is the employer or other sponsor of the plan, unless the purchase or holding would not otherwise
result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction.
Any plan investor that purchases, holds or disposes
of the notes will be deemed to have represented that its purchase, holding and disposition of the notes is not and will not result in
a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code.
Benefit Plans Not Subject to ERISA or the Internal Revenue Code
Some employee benefit
plans, such as governmental plans, foreign plans and some church plans (each as defined or described in ERISA) are not subject to the
prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code. However, these employee benefit plans may
be subject to other federal, state, local or non-U.S. laws or regulations that are substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975
of the Internal Revenue Code, or a
"similar law." In addition, any of these employee benefit plans that are qualified
and exempt from taxation under Sections 401(a) and 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code are subject to the prohibited transaction
rules in Section 503 of the Internal Revenue Code. Each of these employee benefit plans that are subject to similar laws, and
each person acting on behalf of or investing the assets of such an employee benefit plan, that purchases, holds or disposes of notes will
be deemed to have represented that its purchase, holding and disposition of the notes is not and will not result in a violation of these
similar laws or regulations.
Underwriting
The depositor and
the underwriters named
below have entered into an underwriting agreement for the notes offered by this prospectus. Subject to some
conditions, each underwriter agreed to purchase the principal amount of the offered notes indicated in the following table:
[TABLE:478]
[TABLE:479]
The depositor will retain the Class C notes
and may retain some or all of any other class of the notes. These notes may be sold, subject to the requirements in the indenture, directly
by the depositor or through underwriters, broker-dealers or agents who may receive compensation in the form of discounts, concessions
or commissions from the depositor or the purchasers of these notes. If these notes are sold through underwriters or broker-dealers, the
depositor will be responsible for underwriting discounts or commissions or agent's commissions. These notes may be sold in one or more
transactions at fixed prices, prevailing market prices at the time of sale, varying prices determined at the time of sale or negotiated
prices.
138
All classes of notes
must be issued and purchased (or retained by the depositor) for any offered notes to be issued and
purchased by the underwriters.
The underwriters
will resell the offered notes to the public. The selling concessions that the underwriters may allow to some
dealers, and the discounts
that those dealers may reallow to other dealers, expressed as a percentage of the initial principal amount of each class of notes, are
indicated in the following table. Due to sales to affiliates, one or more of the underwriters may be required to forego a minor portion
of the selling concessions they would otherwise receive.
[TABLE:480]
Each class of notes is a new issue of securities
with no established trading market. The underwriters have advised the depositor that they intend to make a market in the classes of the
offered notes purchased by them but they are not obligated to do so and may discontinue market-making at any time without notice. It is
not certain that a secondary market for the notes will develop, that it will continue or that it will provide sufficient liquidity. If
a secondary market for the notes does develop, it might end at any time or it might not be sufficiently liquid to allow noteholders to
resell any of the notes.
In connection with
the sale of the offered
notes, the underwriters may, to the extent permitted by Regulation M under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 engage in:
These stabilizing transactions, syndicate covering
transactions and penalty bids may cause the prices of the notes to be higher than they would otherwise be. These transactions, if begun,
may be discontinued at any time.
The depositor and
Ford Credit will indemnify the underwriters against specific liabilities, including liabilities under the
federal securities laws,
or contribute to payments the underwriters may be required to make for those liabilities.
The trust may
invest
the funds in its bank accounts in obligations issued by the underwriters or their affiliates.
In the ordinary course
of their businesses, the underwriters and their affiliates have engaged and may engage in various financial advisory, investment banking
and commercial banking transactions
with the sponsor, the depositor, the servicer and their affiliates.
139
On request by a noteholder who received an electronic
prospectus from an underwriter within the period during which there is an obligation to deliver a prospectus, the underwriter will promptly
deliver, without charge, a paper copy of this prospectus.
United Kingdom
Each underwriter severally, but not jointly, has
represented and agreed that:
For purposes of this provision:
[TABLE:489]
[TABLE:490]
European Economic Area
Each underwriter severally, but not jointly, has
represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available
any offered notes which are the subject of this prospectus to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this
provision:
[TABLE:494]
[TABLE:495]
140
European Union and UK Securitization Requirements
None of the sponsor,
the depositor, the servicer, the trust or any underwriter is required, or intends to retain a material net economic interest in the securitization
constituted by the issuance of the notes in a manner that would satisfy, or enable any investor to comply with, the requirements of (i) Regulation
(EU) 2017/2402 (as amended, the
"EU Securitization Regulation") or (ii) the EU Securitization Regulation, as it
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, and as amended by the Securitisation (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 (the
 "UK Securitization Regulation"). In addition, none of these parties undertakes to take any other action, or refrain from taking
any action, prescribed or contemplated in, or for purposes of, or in connection with, compliance by any investor with any applicable requirement
of, the EU Securitization Regulation or the UK Securitization Regulation. Additionally, the arrangements described under
"Credit
Risk Retention"
have not been structured with the objective of enabling or facilitating compliance by any person with any requirement
of the EU Securitization Regulation or the UK Securitization Regulation. Consequently, the notes may not be a suitable investment for
any person that is now or may in the future be subject to any requirement of the EU Securitization Regulation or the UK Securitization
Regulation.
Prospective noteholders are responsible for analyzing
their own regulatory requirements and are encouraged to consult with their own investment and legal advisors regarding the suitability
of the notes for investment and compliance with these legal requirements.
Legal
Opinions
Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP will review or provide
opinions on legal matters relating to the notes and U.S. federal income tax and other matters for the trust, the depositor and the servicer.
Chapman and Cutler LLP will review or provide opinions on some legal matters relating to the notes and other matters for the underwriters.
Chapman and Cutler LLP has from time to time represented Ford Credit and its affiliates on other matters.
Where
You Can Find More Information
The depositor, as
originator of the trust, filed with the SEC a registration statement, Registration No.  333-258040 under the Securities
Act
of 1933, for the notes offered by this prospectus. Forms of the transaction documents described in this prospectus are included as exhibits
to the registration statement.
The SEC maintains a website containing reports,
proxy materials, information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The address is
http://www.sec.gov.
You may obtain more
information about Ford and Ford Credit at
www.ford.com and www.ford.com/finance. The information about Ford and Ford Credit’s
websites in this prospectus and their content is not incorporated by reference into this prospectus.
The servicer will
file for
the trust annual reports on Form 10-K, monthly distribution reports on Form 10-D, monthly asset-level data for
the receivables relating to the issued notes attached as exhibits to Form ABS-EE, any required current reports on Form 8-K,
and amendments to these reports with the SEC. A copy of any reports may be obtained by any noteholder by request to the indenture trustee
or the depositor.
Incorporation
of Documents by Reference
The trust "incorporates by reference"
some information it files with the SEC, which means that the trust can disclose important information to you by referring you to those
documents. The information incorporated by reference is considered to be part of this prospectus. Information that the trust files later
with the SEC will automatically update the information in this prospectus. In all cases, you should rely on
141
the later information over different information included in this prospectus.
The trust incorporates by reference the initial asset-level data and related information attached as exhibits to each Form ABS-EE
filed with the SEC by the depositor by the date of filing of this prospectus. The trust also incorporates by reference any current reports
on Form 8-K later filed by or on behalf of the trust before the termination of the offering of the notes (including any market-making
transactions for the notes unless exempt from the registration requirements under the Securities Act of 1933).
The depositor will
provide without charge to each person, including any beneficial owner of the notes, to whom a copy of this
prospectus is delivered,
on request, a copy of any of the documents incorporated in this prospectus by reference.
Requests for copies
should
be directed to:
Ford Credit Auto Receivables Two LLC
c/o Ford Motor Credit Company LLC
c/o Ford Motor Company
World Headquarters, Suite 802
One American Road
Dearborn, Michigan 48126
Attention: Ford Credit SPE Management Office
Telephone number: (313) 594-3495
Email: FSPEMgt@ford.com
142
Index
of Defined Terms
143
Annex A
STATIC POOL INFORMATION — PRIOR SECURITIZED
POOLS
This Annex contains
static pool information about prior pools of retail installment sale contracts securitized by Ford Credit.
The information in this
Annex consists of summary information about the original characteristics of the prior securitized pools and a graphical presentation of
cumulative losses, prepayments and delinquency data for each prior securitized pool. The original characteristics of the prior securitized
pools may differ somewhat from each other and from the characteristics of the pool of receivables in the securitization transaction described
in the prospectus. This is because Ford Credit's portfolio of retail installment sale contracts, from which the securitized pools are
selected, changes over time in response to changing economic and market conditions, although such changes generally occur gradually. Over
the period covered by the prior securitized pools, newer securitized pools have generally exhibited higher FICO
®
scores
and higher payment-to-income ratios than older securitized pools although changes between each successive pool have generally not been
significant. As a result, prior securitized pools are generally comparable to the pool of receivables in the securitization transaction
described in the prospectus, however, the oldest prior securitized pools generally have the largest differences in characteristics to
the pool of receivables in the securitization transaction described in the prospectus.
Despite the differences in characteristics among
the prior securitized pools, the performance of the related securitization transactions has been generally consistent over time, and any
difference in performance in the pool of receivables in the securitization transaction described in the prospectus compared to prior securitized
pools may be more influenced by general macroeconomic conditions than differences in characteristics.
In addition, although the selection criteria used
for the retail installment sale contracts in the prior securitized pools have changed over time to accommodate new financing products,
increased vehicle pricing and changes in securitization market practices, these changes do not diminish the general comparability of the
prior securitized pools to the pool of receivables in the securitization transaction described in the prospectus. Losses, prepayments
and delinquencies for the pool of receivables in the securitization transaction described in the prospectus may differ from the information
shown in this Annex for prior securitized pools.
The following footnotes are applicable to the static
pool information for each of the prior securitized pools included in this Annex:
A-
1
A-
2
Ford Credit Auto Owner Trust 2019-A
See page A-1 for footnotes
A-
3
Ford Credit Auto
Owner Trust 2019-A
Original Pool Characteristics
A-
4
Ford Credit Auto Owner Trust 2019-B
See page A-1 for footnotes
A-
5
Ford Credit Auto
Owner Trust 2019-B
Original Pool Characteristics
A-
6
Ford Credit Auto Owner Trust 2019-C
See page A-1 for footnotes
A-
7
Ford Credit Auto Owner Trust 2019-C
Original Pool Characteristics
A-
8
Ford Credit Auto Owner Trust 2020-A
See page A-1 for footnotes
A-
9
Ford Credit Auto
Owner Trust 2020-A
Original Pool Characteristics
A-
10
Ford Credit Auto Owner Trust 2020-B
See page A-1 for footnotes
A-
11
Ford Credit Auto Owner Trust 2020-B
Original Pool Characteristics
A-
12
Ford Credit Auto Owner Trust 2020-C
See page A-1 for footnotes
A-
13
Ford Credit Auto Owner Trust 2020-C
Original Pool Characteristics
See page A-1 for footnotes
A-
14
Ford Credit Auto Owner Trust 2021-A
See page A-1 for footnotes
A-
15
Ford Credit Auto Owner Trust 2021-A
Original Pool Characteristics
See page A-1 for footnotes
A-
16
Ford Credit Auto Owner Trust 2022-A
See page A-1 for footnotes
A-
17
Ford Credit Auto Owner Trust 2022-A
Original Pool Characteristics
See
page A-1 for footnotes
A-
18
Ford Credit Auto Owner Trust 2022-B
See page A-1 for footnotes
A-
19
Ford Credit Auto Owner Trust 2022-B
Original Pool Characteristics
See
page A-1 for footnotes
A-
20
Ford Credit Auto Owner Trust 2022-C
See page A-1 for footnotes
A-
21
Ford Credit Auto Owner Trust 2022-C
Original Pool Characteristics
See
page A-1 for footnotes
A-
22
Ford Credit Auto Owner Trust 2022-D
See page A-1 for footnotes
A-
23
Ford Credit Auto Owner Trust 2022-D
Original Pool Characteristics
See
page A-1 for footnotes
A-
24
Ford Credit Auto Owner Trust 2023-A
See page A-1 for footnotes
A-
25
Ford Credit Auto Owner Trust 2023-A
Original Pool Characteristics
See
page A-1 for footnotes
A-
26
Ford Credit Auto Owner Trust 2023-B
See page A-1 for footnotes
A-
27
Ford Credit Auto Owner Trust 2023-B
Original Pool Characteristics
See
page A-1 for footnotes
A-
28
Ford Credit Auto Owner Trust 2023-C
See page A-1 for footnotes
A-
29
Ford Credit Auto Owner Trust 2023-C
Original Pool Characteristics
See
page A-1 for footnotes
A-
30
Ford Credit Auto Owner Trust 2024-A
See page A-1 for footnotes
A-
31
Ford Credit Auto Owner Trust 2024-A
Original Pool Characteristics
See
page A-1 for footnotes
A-
32
Ford Credit Auto Owner Trust 2024-B
See page A-1 for footnotes
A-
33
Ford Credit Auto Owner Trust 2024-B
Original Pool Characteristics
See
page A-1 for footnotes
A-
34
Ford Credit Auto Owner Trusts
Delinquency Information
. The graph below shows delinquency
information for Ford Credit's prior securitized pools of retail installment sale contracts for all transactions issued since 2019.
See
page A-1 for footnotes
Cumulative Net Loss Information
. The graph below shows
cumulative net loss information for Ford Credit's prior securitized pools of retail installment sale contracts for all transactions issued
since 2019.
See page A-1 for footnotes
A-
35
[TABLE:554]