This document is subject to completion and amendment.  This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities
      in any state or foreign jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted.
Subject to Completion and Amendment, Dated April 8, 2026
Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(h)
Registration Statement Nos. 333-281727 and 333-281727-06
The date of this prospectus is April ___, 2026
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page
2
3
IMPORTANT NOTICE ABOUT INFORMATION PRESENTED IN THIS PROSPECTUS
Cross-references are included in this prospectus, which direct you to more detailed descriptions of a particular topic.  You can also find references to key topics
        in the table of contents beginning on page 2 of this prospectus.
For a listing of the pages where capitalized terms used in this prospectus are defined, you should refer to the “
Index of Terms
”
        beginning on page 175 of this prospectus.
Whenever we use words like “we” or “us” or similar words in this prospectus, we are referring to Toyota Auto Finance Receivables LLC in its capacity as depositor. 
        Whenever we use words like “intends,” “anticipates,” “plans” or “expects” or similar words in this prospectus, we are making a forward-looking statement, or a projection of what we think will happen in the future.  Forward-looking statements are
        inherently subject to a variety of circumstances, many of which are beyond our control and could cause actual results to differ materially from what we anticipate.  Any forward-looking statements in this prospectus speak only as of the date of this
        prospectus.  We do not assume any responsibility to update or review any forward-looking statement contained in this prospectus to reflect any change in our expectation about the subject of that forward-looking statement or to reflect any change in
        events, conditions or circumstances on which we have based any forward-looking statement.  For the avoidance of doubt, the “safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 do not apply to forward-looking statements
        made in this prospectus.
INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN DOCUMENTS BY REFERENCE
RELATING TO NOTES ISSUED BY THE ISSUING ENTITY
The Securities and Exchange Commission allows us to “incorporate by reference” information filed with it by the issuing entity or by Toyota Auto Finance Receivables
        LLC on behalf of the issuing entity, which means that we can disclose important information to you by referring you to those documents.  The information incorporated by reference is considered to be part of this prospectus.  Information that we
        file later with the Securities and Exchange Commission and which is incorporated by reference, will automatically update the information in this prospectus.  In all cases, you should rely on the later information over different information included
        in this prospectus.  We incorporate by reference any current reports on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by or on behalf of the issuing entity before the termination of the offering of the notes, as well as the asset-level
        data and related documents included as exhibits to any Form ABS-EE filed by the depositor on behalf of the issuing entity prior to the filing of this prospectus.
If you have received a copy of this prospectus, you may request a copy of any information that we have incorporated by reference in this prospectus, excluding any
        exhibit to such information unless such exhibit is specifically incorporated by reference in that information, at no cost by contacting Toyota Auto Finance Receivables LLC at the following address or telephone number: Toyota Auto Finance
        Receivables LLC, 6565 Headquarters Drive, W2-3D, Plano, Texas 75024-5965; telephone: (469) 486-9020.
NOTICE TO INVESTORS: UNITED KINGDOM
THIS PROSPECTUS MAY ONLY BE COMMUNICATED OR CAUSED TO BE COMMUNICATED IN THE UNITED KINGDOM (“UK”) (1) TO PERSONS HAVING PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE IN MATTERS RELATING
        TO INVESTMENTS AND QUALIFYING AS INVESTMENT PROFESSIONALS UNDER ARTICLE 19(5) (INVESTMENT PROFESSIONALS) OF THE FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 (FINANCIAL PROMOTION) ORDER 2005, AS AMENDED (THE “ORDER”), (2) TO PERSONS FALLING WITHIN
        ARTICLE 49(2) (A)-(D) (HIGH NET WORTH COMPANIES, UNINCORPORATED ASSOCIATIONS ETC.) OF THE ORDER OR (3) TO ANY OTHER PERSON TO WHOM THIS PROSPECTUS MAY OTHERWISE LAWFULLY BE COMMUNICATED OR CAUSED TO BE COMMUNICATED (ALL SUCH PERSONS TOGETHER BEING
        REFERRED TO AS “RELEVANT PERSONS”). NEITHER THIS PROSPECTUS NOR THE NOTES ARE OR WILL BE AVAILABLE TO PERSONS IN THE UK WHO ARE NOT RELEVANT PERSONS AND THIS PROSPECTUS MUST NOT BE ACTED ON OR RELIED ON IN THE UK BY PERSONS WHO ARE NOT RELEVANT
        PERSONS. IN THE UK, ANY INVESTMENT OR INVESTMENT ACTIVITY TO WHICH THIS PROSPECTUS RELATES, INCLUDING THE NOTES, IS AVAILABLE ONLY TO RELEVANT PERSONS AND WILL BE ENGAGED IN ONLY WITH RELEVANT PERSONS.  THE COMMUNICATION OF THIS PROSPECTUS TO ANY
        PERSON IN THE UK WHO IS NOT
4
A RELEVANT PERSON IS UNAUTHORIZED AND MAY CONTRAVENE THE FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000, AS AMENDED (THE “FSMA”).
THE NOTES ARE NOT INTENDED TO BE OFFERED, SOLD, DISTRIBUTED OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO AND SHOULD NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, DISTRIBUTED OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE
        TO ANY UK RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE UK. FOR THESE PURPOSES, THE EXPRESSION “UK RETAIL INVESTOR” MEANS A PERSON WHO IS EITHER ONE (OR BOTH) OF THE FOLLOWING: (A) NOT A PROFESSIONAL CLIENT AS DEFINED IN POINT (8) OF ARTICLE 2(1) OF REGULATION (EU) NO
        600/2014, AS IT FORMS PART OF THE DOMESTIC LAW OF THE UK, AND AS AMENDED; OR (B) NOT A QUALIFIED INVESTOR, AS DEFINED IN PARAGRAPH 15 OF SCHEDULE 1 TO THE PUBLIC OFFERS AND ADMISSIONS TO TRADING REGULATIONS 2024, AS AMENDED (THE “POATRS”).
        CONSEQUENTLY, NO DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT REQUIRED BY THE PRODUCT DISCLOSURE SOURCEBOOK (“DISC”) OF THE HANDBOOK OF RULES AND GUIDANCE OF THE UK FINANCIAL CONDUCT AUTHORITY (THE “FCA HANDBOOK”) FOR OFFERING, SELLING OR DISTRIBUTING THE NOTES OR
        OTHERWISE MAKING THEM AVAILABLE TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS IN THE UK HAS BEEN PREPARED AND THEREFORE OFFERING, SELLING OR DISTRIBUTING THE NOTES OR OTHERWISE MAKING THEM AVAILABLE TO ANY UK RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE UK MAY BE UNLAWFUL UNDER THE UK DISC
        AND THE CONSUMER COMPOSITE INVESTMENTS (DESIGNATED ACTIVITIES) REGULATIONS 2024, AS AMENDED.
THIS PROSPECTUS IS NOT A PROSPECTUS FOR THE POATRS OR THE PRM ADMISSION TO TRADING ON A REGULATED MARKET SOURCEBOOK OF THE HANDBOOK OF RULES AND GUIDANCE OF THE UK
        FINANCIAL CONDUCT AUTHORITY (THE “FCA”).
THE CLASS A-1 NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE OFFERED IN THE UK OR TO UK PERSONS, AND NO PROCEEDS OF ANY CLASS A-1 NOTES WILL BE RECEIVED IN THE UK.
NOTICE TO INVESTORS: EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA
THE NOTES ARE NOT INTENDED TO BE OFFERED, SOLD, DISTRIBUTED OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO AND SHOULD NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, DISTRIBUTED OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE
        TO ANY EU RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (THE “EEA”). FOR THESE PURPOSES, THE EXPRESSION “EU RETAIL INVESTOR” MEANS A PERSON WHO IS ONE (OR MORE) OF THE FOLLOWING: (I) A RETAIL CLIENT AS DEFINED IN POINT (11) OF ARTICLE 4(1) OF
        DIRECTIVE 2014/65/EU, AS AMENDED (“MIFID II”); OR (II) A CUSTOMER WITHIN THE MEANING OF DIRECTIVE (EU) 2016/97, AS AMENDED, WHERE THAT CUSTOMER WOULD NOT QUALIFY AS A PROFESSIONAL CLIENT, AS DEFINED IN POINT (10) OF ARTICLE 4(1) OF MIFID II; OR
        (III) NOT A QUALIFIED INVESTOR, AS DEFINED IN ARTICLE 2 OF REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129, AS AMENDED, (THE “EU PROSPECTUS REGULATION”). CONSEQUENTLY, NO KEY INFORMATION DOCUMENT REQUIRED BY REGULATION (EU) NO 1286/2014, AS AMENDED (THE “EU PRIIPS
        REGULATION”) FOR OFFERING, SELLING OR DISTRIBUTING THE NOTES OR OTHERWISE MAKING THEM AVAILABLE TO EU RETAIL INVESTORS IN THE EEA HAS BEEN PREPARED AND THEREFORE OFFERING, SELLING OR DISTRIBUTING THE NOTES OR OTHERWISE MAKING THEM AVAILABLE TO ANY
        EU RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE EEA MAY BE UNLAWFUL UNDER THE EU PRIIPS REGULATION.
THIS PROSPECTUS IS NOT A PROSPECTUS FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE EU PROSPECTUS REGULATION.
5
SUMMARY OF PARTIES TO THE TRANSACTION
This chart provides only a simplified overview of the relationships between the key parties to the transaction.  For additional information, you
          should refer to this prospectus.  On the closing date, the Class B Notes and approximately, but not less than, 5% (by aggregate initial principal amount) of each of the Class A-2a Notes, the Class A-2b Notes, the Class A-3 Notes and the Class A-4
          Notes will be retained initially by Toyota Auto Finance Receivables LLC. The Class B Notes are not being publicly registered and are not offered hereby.  Some or all, but not less than 5% (by aggregate initial principal amount), of the Class A-1
          Notes will also be retained initially by Toyota Auto Finance Receivables LLC on the Closing Date.
6
SUMMARY OF MONTHLY DISTRIBUTIONS OF COLLECTIONS
This chart provides only a simplified overview of the monthly distributions of available collections prior to an event of default and acceleration of the Notes. For additional information, see “
Payments to Noteholders—Calculation of Available Collections
” and “
—Priority of Payments
” in this prospectus.
7
SUMMARY OF TERMS
The following information highlights selected information from this document and provides a general overview of the terms of the notes.  To
            understand all of the terms of the offering of these notes, you should read carefully this entire document, including any documents incorporated by reference herein, before making your investment decision.
Relevant Parties
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS
The following summary is a concise description of certain of the material risk factors that you should consider in making your decision to purchase any notes. 
          This summary does not purport to summarize all of the risks that you should consider in making your decision to purchase any notes.  You should carefully read the risks factors set forth under “Risk Factors,” as well as the other information
          contained in this prospectus.
Risks primarily related to the nature of the notes and the structure of the transaction.
The notes are subject to certain risks related to their nature as asset-backed securities and the structure of the transaction, which could lead to payment delays, shortfalls in
          payments or losses on your notes, including due to factors such as, but not limited to:
Risks primarily related to the issuance of floating rate notes and the uncertainty regarding SOFR.
The notes are subject to risks relating to uncertainty regarding SOFR, which could lead to shortfalls in payments or losses on your
notes
, adversely affect
the
market value of your notes and/or limit your ability to resell your notes, including:
Risks primarily related to the receivables and economic conditions.
The notes are subject to certain risks related to the receivables and economic conditions, which could lead to payment delays, shortfalls in payments or losses on your notes,
          including due to factors such as, but not limited to:
26
Risks primarily related to legal and regulatory matters.
The notes are subject to certain risks related to legal and regulatory matters, which could lead to payment delays, shortfalls in payments or losses on your notes, including due to
          factors such as, but not limited to:
Risks primarily related to servicing.
The notes are subject to certain risks related to the servicing of the receivables, which could lead to payment delays, shortfalls in payments or losses on your notes, including due
          to factors such as, but not limited to:
Risks primarily related to bankruptcy and insolvency of transaction parties and perfection of security interests.
The notes are subject to certain risks related to the potential bankruptcy and insolvency of transaction parties and perfection of security interests, which could lead to payment
          delays, shortfalls in payments or losses on your notes, including due to factors such as, but not limited to:
General risks relating to the transaction.
The notes are subject to certain general risks applicable to transactions of this nature, which could lead to payment delays, shortfalls in payments or losses on your notes, including
          due to factors such as, but not limited to:
27
RISK FACTORS
You should consider the following risk factors in deciding whether to purchase any notes.
Risks Primarily Related to the Nature of the Notes and the Structure of the Transaction
You must rely for repayment only upon payments from the issuing entity’s assets, which may not be sufficient to make full payments on your
          notes.
The notes represent indebtedness of the issuing entity and will not be insured or guaranteed by the depositor, sponsor, administrator, servicer or any of their
          respective affiliates, any governmental entity, the trustees or any other person.  The only sources of payment on your notes are payments received on the receivables and, to the extent available, any funds on deposit in the accounts of the
          issuing entity, including amounts on deposit in the reserve account.  The amounts deposited in the reserve account will be limited.  If the entire reserve account has been used and the available credit enhancement is exhausted, the issuing entity
          will depend solely on current collections on the receivables to make payments on the notes.  The issuing entity will also have the benefit of overcollateralization (including the yield supplement overcollateralization amount) to provide limited
          protection against low-interest yielding receivables.  For additional information, you should refer to “
Payments to Noteholders—Credit and Cash Flow Enhancement—Overcollateralization
,” “—
Yield Supplement Overcollateralization Amount
” and “
—Reserve Account
” in this prospectus.  If the assets of the issuing entity are not sufficient to pay interest on and
          principal of the notes you hold, you will suffer a loss.
Certain events (including some that are not within the control of the issuing entity, the depositor, the sponsor, the administrator, the servicer, the indenture
          trustee, the owner trustee or of their respective affiliates) may result in events of default under the indenture and cause acceleration of all outstanding notes.  If so directed by the holders of notes evidencing not less than a majority of the
          aggregate principal amount of the notes of the controlling class then outstanding (excluding for such purposes the aggregate outstanding principal amount of any notes held of record or beneficially owned by TMCC, TAFR LLC or any of their
          affiliates), acting together as a single class, following an event of default resulting in an acceleration of the notes, the indenture trustee will liquidate the assets of the issuing entity only in limited circumstances, and the issuing entity
          may be required promptly to sell the receivables, liquidate its assets and apply the proceeds to the payment of the notes.  Liquidation would be likely to accelerate payment of all notes that are then outstanding.  If a liquidation occurs close
          to the date when any class otherwise would have been paid in full, repayment of that class might be delayed while liquidation of the assets is occurring.  The issuing entity cannot predict the length of time that will be required for liquidation
          of its assets to be completed.  In addition, the amounts received from a sale in these circumstances may not be sufficient to pay all amounts owed to the holders of all classes of notes or any class of notes, and you may suffer a loss.  This
          deficiency will be more severe in the case of any notes where the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the notes exceeds the aggregate principal balance of the receivables.  Even if liquidation proceeds are sufficient to repay the notes in
          full, any liquidation that causes principal of a class of notes to be paid before the related final scheduled payment date will involve the prepayment risks described under “—
Prepayments on receivables may cause
            prepayments on the notes, resulting in reduced returns on your investment and reinvestment risk to you”
below.  Also, an event of default that results in the acceleration of the
          maturity of the notes will cause priority of payments of the notes to change, as described under
“Payments to Noteholders—Payments After Occurrence of Event of Default Resulting in Acceleration
” in this
          prospectus.  Therefore, all outstanding notes may be affected by any shortfall in liquidation proceeds.  For additional information, you should refer to “
—Prepayments on receivables may cause prepayments on the
            notes, resulting in reduced returns on your investment and reinvestment risk to you
” below.
Risks associated with unknown aggregate initial principal amount of the notes.
Whether the issuing entity will issue notes with an aggregate initial principal amount of $1,300,000,000, $1,600,000,000 or $1,900,000,000 is not expected to be
          known until the day of pricing.  TMCC will make the determination regarding the aggregate initial principal amount of the notes based on, among other considerations, market conditions at the time of pricing.  The size of a class of notes may
          affect liquidity of that class, with smaller classes being less liquid than larger classes.  In addition, if your class of notes is larger than you expected, then you will hold a smaller percentage of that class of notes and the voting power of
          your notes will be diluted.
28
Failure to pay principal on your notes will not constitute an event of default until maturity.
The amount of principal required to be paid to the noteholders will generally be limited to amounts available in the collection account (including amounts
          transferred to the collection account from the reserve account).  Therefore, the failure to pay principal of your notes generally will not result in the occurrence of an event of default until the final scheduled payment date for your notes.  For
          additional information, you should refer to “
Description of the Notes—Indenture—Events of Default; Rights Upon Event of Default
” in this prospectus.
Payment priorities increase risk of loss or delay in payment to certain classes of notes.
Based on the priorities described under “
Payments to Noteholders
” in this prospectus, classes of notes that receive
          principal payments before other classes will be repaid more rapidly than the other classes.  Because principal of the notes will be paid sequentially, including after an event of default resulting in an acceleration of the notes, classes of notes
          that have higher sequential numerical class designations or higher alphabetical sequential class designations will be outstanding longer and therefore will be exposed to the risk of losses on the receivables during periods after other classes
          have received most or all amounts payable on their notes, and after which a disproportionate amount of credit enhancement may have been applied and not replenished.
Because of the priority of payment on the notes, the yields of the higher numerically designated classes or higher alphabetically designated classes will be more
          sensitive to losses on the receivables and the timing of such losses than the lower numerically designated classes and lower alphabetically designated classes.  Accordingly, the class A-2a notes and the class A-2b notes will be more sensitive to
          losses on the receivables and the timing of such losses than the class A-1 notes; the class A-3 notes will be relatively more sensitive to losses on the receivables and the timing of such losses than the class A-1 notes, the class A-2a notes and
          the class A-2b notes; the class A-4 notes will be relatively more sensitive to losses on the receivables and the timing of such losses than the class A-1 notes, the class A-2a notes, the class A-2b notes and the class A-3 notes; and the class B
          notes will be relatively more sensitive to losses on the receivables and the timing of such losses than the class A notes. If the actual rate and amount of losses exceed your expectations, and if amounts in the reserve account are insufficient to
          cover the resulting shortfalls, the yield to maturity on your notes may be lower than anticipated, and you could suffer a loss.
Classes of notes that receive payments of principal earlier than expected are exposed to greater reinvestment risk, and classes of notes that receive payments of
          principal later than expected are exposed to greater risk of loss.  In either case, the yields on your notes could be materially and adversely affected.  In addition, the notes are subject to risk because payments of principal and interest on the
          notes on each payment date are subordinated to the payment of the total servicing fee and certain amounts payable to the indenture trustee, the owner trustee and the asset representations reviewer in respect of fees, expenses and indemnification
          amounts.  This subordination could result in reduced or delayed payments of principal and interest on the notes.
For additional information, you should refer to “—
You must rely for repayment only upon payments from the issuing entity’s
            assets, which may not be sufficient to make full payments on your notes”
above
.
Prepayments on receivables may cause prepayments on the notes, resulting in reduced returns on your investment and reinvestment risk to you.
If you receive payment of principal on your notes earlier than you expected, you may not be able to reinvest the principal you receive at a rate as high as the
          rate on your notes.  Prepayments on the receivables will shorten the life of the notes to an extent that cannot be predicted.  Prepayments may occur for a number of reasons.  Some prepayments may be caused by the obligors under the receivables. 
          For example, obligors may: (i) make early payments, since receivables will be prepayable at any time without penalty; (ii) default, resulting in the repossession and sale of the financed vehicle; (iii) damage the vehicle or become unable to pay
          due to death or disability, resulting in payments to the issuing entity under any existing physical damage, credit life or other insurance; or (iv) sell their vehicles or be delinquent or default on their receivables as a result of a manufacturer
          recall.
Some prepayments may be caused by the sponsor, the depositor or the servicer.  For example, the sponsor and the depositor will make representations and warranties
          regarding the receivables, and the servicer will agree to take or refrain from taking certain actions with respect to the receivables.  If the sponsor or the depositor breaches any such representation or warranty, or if the servicer breaches any
          such agreement, and such breach is material and cannot be remedied, the breaching party will be required to purchase the affected receivables from the issuing entity.  This will result, in effect, in the prepayment of the purchased receivables. 
          The servicer will also have the option to
29
purchase the receivables from the issuing entity on or after the payment date when the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the receivables has declined to 5% or less of the
          aggregate principal balance of the receivables as of the cutoff date.  In addition, an event of default under the indenture could cause your notes to be prepaid.
The rate of prepayments on the receivables may be influenced by a variety of economic, social and other factors.  The sponsor cannot predict the actual prepayment
          rates for the receivables, and you will bear any reinvestment risks resulting from a faster or slower rate of payments of the receivables. Increased delinquency and credit losses are significantly influenced by the combined impact of a number of
          factors, including the effects of changes in a servicer’s servicing operations, lower used vehicle values, continued economic weakness, longer term financing and tiered/risk based pricing.  TMCC cannot guarantee that the delinquency and loss
          levels of the receivables will correspond to the delinquency and loss levels TMCC has experienced in the past on its loan portfolio.  There is a risk that delinquencies and losses could increase or decline from historical levels for various
          reasons including changes in underwriting standards, changes in local, regional or national economies or the impact of other local, national or global events, including public health concerns.  For additional information, you should refer to “
Weighted Average Lives of the Notes
” in this prospectus.
The notes may not be suitable investments for investors subject to the EU Securitization Regulation or the UK
          Securitization Framework.
Regulation (EU) 2017/2402 of the European Parliament and of the Council of December 12, 2017, as amended (the “EU Securitization Regulation”) has direct effect in
          member states of the European Union (the “EU”) and is applicable in other countries that are currently in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”).
The EU Securitization Regulation places certain conditions on investments in a “securitisation” (as defined in such regulation) (the “EU Due Diligence
          Requirements”) by “institutional investors”, defined in the EU Securitization Regulation to include insurance undertakings, reinsurance undertaking, institutions for occupational retirement provision, investment managers and authorized entities
          appointed by such institutions, alternative investment fund managers that manage and/or market alternative investment funds in the EEA, management companies of undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities (“UCITS”),
          internally managed UCITS, credit institutions and investment firms, each as described in more detail in the EU Securitization Regulation. The EU Due Diligence Requirements also apply to investments by certain consolidated affiliates, wherever
          established or located, of entities that are subject to Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, as amended (such affiliates, together with all institutional investors referred to in this paragraph, “EU Affected Investors”).
The framework for the regulation of securitization in the United Kingdom (the “UK”) comprises (a) the Securitisation Regulations 2024, as amended (the “SR 2024”),
          (b) the securitisation sourcebook of the handbook of rules and guidance adopted by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”) (the “SECN”), (c) the Securitisation Part of the rulebook of published policy of the Prudential Regulation Authority
          of the Bank of England (the “PRASR”) and (d) relevant provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”), in each case as further amended, supplemented or replaced (collectively, the “UK Securitization Framework”).
The UK Securitization Framework places certain conditions on investments in a “securitisation” (as defined in the SR 2024) (the “UK Due Diligence Requirements”) by
          “institutional investors”, defined in the SR 2024 to include insurance undertakings, reinsurance undertakings, trustees and managers of occupational pension schemes, fund managers of such schemes, alternative investment fund managers that have
          permission under the FSMA in respect of managing alternative investment funds and that market or manage such funds in the UK, small registered UK alternative investment fund managers, UCITS, UCITS management companies, CRR firms and FCA
          investment firms, each as described in more detail in the SR 2024. The UK Due Diligence Requirements also apply to investments by certain consolidated affiliates, wherever established or located, of entities that are subject to Regulation (EU) No
          575/2013, as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK, and as amended (such affiliates, together with all institutional investors referred to in this paragraph, “UK Affected Investors”).
Among other things, the EU Due Diligence Requirements and the UK Due Diligence Requirements provide that, prior to investing in a securitisation, an EU Affected
          Investor or a UK Affected Investor, as applicable, is required to verify that: (a) except in specified cases, certain credit-granting requirements are satisfied; (b) the originator, sponsor or original lender retains on an ongoing basis (or, in
          the case of certain UK Affected Investors, continually retains) a material net economic interest in the securitisation which, in any event, will not be less than 5%, in accordance with the EU Securitization Regulation or the UK Securitization
          Framework, as applicable, and
30
discloses that risk retention; (c) in the case of an EU Affected Investor, the originator, sponsor or securitization special purpose entity has, where applicable, made available the
          information required by Article 7 of the EU Securitization Regulation in accordance with the frequency and modalities provided for in that Article; and (d) in the case of a UK Affected Investor, the originator, sponsor or securitization special
          purpose entity has made available sufficient information to enable the institutional investor independently to assess the risks of holding the securitisation position, and has committed to make further information available on an ongoing basis,
          as appropriate, and including at least the information described in the SR 2024, the SECN or the PRASR, as applicable.
None of TMCC, the other parties to the transaction described in this prospectus, nor any of their respective affiliates, will undertake, or intends, to retain a
          material net economic interest in such transaction in a manner that would satisfy the requirements of the EU Securitization Regulation or the UK Securitization Framework.
In addition, no such person will undertake, or intends, in connection with such transaction, to take any other action or refrain from taking any action in a manner
          prescribed or contemplated by the EU Securitization Regulation or the UK Securitization Framework, or for purposes of, or in connection with, facilitating or enabling compliance by any EU Affected Investor with the EU Due Diligence Requirements,
          by any UK Affected Investor with the UK Due Diligence Requirements or by any person with the requirements of any other law or regulation now or hereafter in effect in the EU, the EEA or the UK in relation to risk retention, due diligence and
          monitoring, credit granting standards, transparency or any other conditions with respect to investments in securitization transactions.
The arrangements described in “
The Sponsor, Administrator and Servicer––Credit Risk Retention
” in this prospectus have not
          been structured with the objective of enabling or facilitating compliance with the requirements of the EU Securitization Regulation or the UK Securitization Framework.
Consequently, the notes may not be a suitable investment for an EU Affected Investor or a UK Affected Investor. As a result, the price and liquidity of the notes
          in the secondary market may be adversely affected.
Failure by an EU Affected Investor to comply with the EU Due Diligence Requirements or by a UK Affected Investor to comply with the UK Due Diligence Requirements,
          in either case with respect to an investment in the notes, may result in regulatory sanctions and/or remedial measures being imposed or taken by such investor’s relevant regulatory authority, including, in the case of an EU Affected Investor or a
          UK Affected Investor that is subject to regulatory capital requirements, the imposition of a punitive capital charge on the notes acquired by such investor.
Prospective investors are responsible for analyzing their own legal and regulatory position and are encouraged to consult with their own investment and legal
          advisors regarding the suitability of the notes for investment and the scope and applicability of, and compliance with, the requirements of the EU Securitization Regulation, the UK Securitization Framework and any other existing or future similar
          regimes in any relevant jurisdictions.
Risks Primarily Related to the Issuance of Floating Rate Notes and the Uncertainty Regarding SOFR
The issuing entity may issue floating rate notes, but the issuing entity will not enter into any interest rate hedge
          agreements and you may suffer losses on your notes if interest rates rise.
The receivables sold to the issuing entity on the closing date will provide for level monthly payments, while the class A-2b notes will
          accrue interest at a floating rate based on a spread over a benchmark rate, which initially will be the SOFR Rate.  Even though the issuing entity will issue the class A-2b notes as floating rate notes, it will not enter into any interest rate
          swap or cap agreements in connection with the issuance of the class A-2b notes.
The issuing entity will make payments on the class A-2b notes out of payments received on the receivables and other funds available to the issuing entity, and not
          solely from any subset of collections that are dedicated to the class A-2b notes.  Therefore, an increase in the benchmark rate would increase the amount due as interest payments on the class A-2b notes without any corresponding increase in the
          amount of interest due on the receivables or any additional source of funds that provide a source of payment for those increased interest payments.
If the floating rate payable by the issuing entity in respect of the class A-2b notes increases to the point where the amount of interest and principal due on the
          notes, together with other fees and expenses payable by the
31
issuing entity, exceeds the amount of collections and other funds available to the issuing entity to make such payments, the issuing entity may not have sufficient funds to make
          payments on the notes, including the class A-2b notes.  If the issuing entity does not have sufficient funds to make such payments, you may experience delays or reductions in the interest and principal payments on your notes.
If market interest rates rise or other conditions change materially after the issuance of the notes, you may experience delays or reductions in interest and
          principal payments on your notes. The issuing entity will make payments on the class A-2b notes out of its generally available funds—not solely from funds that are dedicated to the class A-2b notes.  Therefore, an increase in interest rates would
          reduce the amounts available for distribution to holders of all notes, not just the holders of the class A-2b notes, and a decrease in interest rates would increase the amounts available to the holders of all notes.
SOFR is a relatively new reference rate that may be more volatile than other benchmark or market rates and its composition and characteristics
          are not the same as LIBOR.
The class A-2b notes will accrue interest at a floating rate based on a spread over a benchmark rate, which initially will be the SOFR Rate.  The SOFR Rate will be
          based on compounded averages of SOFR, which are used to determine Compounded SOFR.  For information on how the SOFR Rate and Compounded SOFR are determined, you should read “
Description of the Notes—Payments of
            Interest
” in this prospectus.  The secured overnight financing rate published for any day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the “FRBNY”) on the FRBNY’s website, or by a successor administrator of such benchmark rate on such
          successor’s website (“SOFR”), is a relatively new interest rate index, and the way that SOFR and any market-accepted adjustments to SOFR are determined may change over time.
SOFR is intended to be a broad measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight collateralized by U.S. Treasury securities, and has been published by the FRBNY since
          April 2018. SOFR is calculated as a volume-weighted median of transaction-level tri-party repo data collected from The Bank of New York Mellon as well as General Collateral Finance Repo transaction data and data on bilateral Treasury repo
          transactions cleared through The Fixed Income Clearing Corporation’s delivery-versus-payment service.  The FRBNY notes that it obtains information from DTCC Solutions LLC, an affiliate of The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation.  The
          FRBNY states on its publication page for SOFR that the use of SOFR is subject to important limitations and disclaimers, including that the FRBNY may alter the methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or availability
          of SOFR at any time without notice.
SOFR is published by the FRBNY based on data received from sources outside of the sponsor and the issuing entity’s control or direction and neither the sponsor nor
          the issuing entity has control over its determination, calculation or publication.  In contrast to other indices, SOFR may be subject to direct influence by activities of the FRBNY, which may directly affect prevailing SOFR rates in ways the
          issuing entity is unable to predict.  There can be no guarantee that SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of the holders of the class A-2b notes.  If the manner in which
          the SOFR calculation is changed, it may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on and the trading prices of the class A-2b notes.
The FRBNY began to publish SOFR in April 2018. The FRBNY has also been publishing historical indicative secured overnight financing rates going back to 2014. 
          Potential investors should not rely on any historical changes or trends in SOFR as an indicator of future changes or trends in SOFR.  As an overnight lending rate, SOFR may be subject to higher levels of volatility relative to other interest rate
          benchmarks.  Due to the emerging and developing adoption of SOFR as an interest rate index, investors who desire to obtain financing for their class A-2b notes may have difficulty obtaining any credit or credit with satisfactory interest rates,
          which may result in lower leveraged yields and lower secondary market prices upon the sale of the class A-2b notes.
The composition and characteristics of SOFR are not the same as those of the London interbank offered rate (“LIBOR”).  First, SOFR is a secured rate, while LIBOR
          was an unsecured rate.  Second, SOFR is an overnight rate, while LIBOR was determined by using a synthetic methodology intended to approximate the rate that would have been calculated by reference to interbank submissions of different maturities
          (e.g., three months).  Additionally, since the initial publication of SOFR, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in other benchmark or market rates, such as LIBOR.  Although changes in the SOFR Rate,
          which is determined by reference to Compounded SOFR (as defined under “
Description of the Notes—Payments of Interest
”), generally are not expected to be as volatile as changes in the daily levels of SOFR,
          the return on and value of the Class A-2b notes may fluctuate more than floating rate debt securities that are linked to less volatile rates.  As a result, there can be no assurance that SOFR will perform in the same way as LIBOR would have at
          any
32
time, including, without limitation, as a result of changes in interest and yield rates in the market, market volatility or global or regional economic, financial, political,
          regulatory, judicial or other events.
Any failure of SOFR to gain market acceptance could adversely affect the class A-2b notes.
According to the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, SOFR was developed for use in certain U.S. dollar derivatives and other financial contracts as an
          alternative to LIBOR in part because it is considered a representation of general funding conditions in the overnight U.S. Treasury repurchase agreement market.  However, as a rate based on transactions secured by U.S. Treasury securities, it
          does not measure bank-specific credit risk and, as a result, it is less likely to correlate with the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks.  This may mean that market participants would not consider SOFR a suitable replacement or successor
          for all of the purposes for which LIBOR historically was used (including, without limitation, as a representation of the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks), which may, in turn, lessen market acceptance of SOFR.  Any failure of SOFR to
          gain market acceptance could adversely affect the return on and value of the class A-2b notes and the price at which investors can sell the class A-2b notes in the secondary market.
Because SOFR is a relatively new market index, the class A-2b notes will likely have no established trading market when issued, and an established trading market
          may not develop or may not provide significant liquidity.  Market terms for the class A-2b notes, such as the spread over the applicable benchmark rate, may evolve over time, and trading prices of the class A-2b notes may be lower than those of
          later-issued notes with interest rates based on SOFR as a result.  Investors in the class A-2b notes may not be able to sell the class A-2b notes at all or may not be able to sell the class A-2b notes at prices that will provide them with yields
          comparable to those of similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently experience increased pricing volatility and market risk.  If SOFR does not become widely adopted for securities like the class A-2b notes, or
          if the specific methodology for calculating interest on the class A-2b notes is not widely adopted by other market participants, the trading prices of the class A-2b notes may be lower than those of similar securities which are linked to indices
          that are more widely used.
Changes to or elimination of SOFR or the determinations made by TMCC, as administrator, may adversely affect the class A-2b notes
.
The FRBNY publishes SOFR based on data received by it from sources other than the sponsor, and neither the sponsor nor any other party to the transaction described
          in this prospectus has any control over its calculation methods, publication schedule, rate revision practices or availability of SOFR at any time.  There can be no guarantee, particularly given its relatively recent introduction, that SOFR will
          not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in the class A-2b notes.  If the manner in which SOFR is calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction in the amount
          of interest payable on the class A-2b notes and the trading prices of the class A-2b notes.
In certain circumstances, as described under “
Description of the Notes—Payments of Interest—Effect of Benchmark Transition Event
”,













          if TMCC, as administrator, has determined prior to the relevant reference time that a benchmark transition event and its related benchmark replacement date have occurred, then the interest rate of the class A-2b notes will no longer be determined
          by reference to SOFR, but instead will be determined by reference to a benchmark replacement, as described under “
Description of the Notes—Payments of Interest—Effect of Benchmark Transition Event.
”
The determination of a benchmark replacement, the calculation of the interest rate on the class A-2b notes by reference to a benchmark replacement (including the
          application of any benchmark replacement adjustment), any implementation of benchmark replacement conforming changes and any other determinations, decisions or elections that may be made under the terms of the class A-2b notes in connection with
          a benchmark transition event, could adversely affect the value of the class A-2b notes, the return on the class A-2b notes and the price at which class A-2b noteholders can sell such class A-2b notes.  Furthermore, the issuing entity cannot
          anticipate how long it will take to adopt a specific benchmark replacement, which may delay and contribute to uncertainty and volatility surrounding any benchmark transition.
TMCC, as administrator, will have significant discretion with respect to certain elements of the related benchmark replacement process, including determining
          whether a benchmark transition event and its related benchmark replacement date have occurred, determining which related benchmark replacement is available, determining the earliest practicable determination date for using the related benchmark
          replacement, determining
33
related benchmark replacement adjustments (if not otherwise determined by the applicable governing bodies or authorities) and making related benchmark replacement conforming changes
          (including potential changes affecting the business day convention and determination date).  Holders of class A-2b notes will not have any right to approve or disapprove of these changes and will be deemed to have agreed to waive and release any
          and all claims relating to any such determinations.  If TMCC, as administrator, determines in its sole discretion that an alternative index is not administratively feasible, including as a result of technical, administrative or operational
          issues, then such alternative index will be deemed to be unable to be determined as of such date.  TMCC, as administrator, may determine an alternative to not be administratively feasible even if such rate has been adopted by other market
          participants in similar products and any such determination may adversely affect the return on, the trading market for, and the value of the class A-2b notes.
The issuing entity cannot predict if SOFR will be eliminated, or, if changes are made to SOFR, the effect of those changes.  In addition, the issuing entity cannot
          predict what alternative index would be chosen, should this occur.  If SOFR in its current form does not survive or if an alternative index is chosen, the market value and liquidity of the class A-2b notes could be adversely affected.
Reliance upon Compounded SOFR, and any adjustments to the methodology used to determine Compounded SOFR, may adversely affect the class A-2b
          notes.
The FRBNY began to publish, in March 2020, compounded averages of SOFR, which are used to determine Compounded SOFR.  It is possible that there will be limited
          interest in securities products based on Compounded SOFR.  As a result, you should consider whether reliance on Compounded SOFR may adversely affect the market value and yield of the class A-2b notes due to potentially limited liquidity and
          resulting constraints on available hedging and financing alternatives.
TMCC, as administrator, may, from time to time and in its sole discretion, make conforming changes (i.e., technical, administrative or operational changes) without
          the consent of noteholders or any other party, which could change the methodology used to determine Compounded SOFR.  The issuing entity can provide no assurance that the methodology to calculate Compounded SOFR will not be adjusted as described
          in the prior sentence and, if so adjusted, that the resulting interest rate will yield the same or similar economic results over the term of the class A-2b notes relative to the results that would have occurred had the interest rate been
          determined without any such adjustment or that the market value of the class A-2b notes will not decrease due to any such adjustment.  Holders of the class A-2b notes will not have any right to approve or disapprove of these changes and will be
          deemed to have agreed to waive and release any and all claims relating to any such determinations.
You should carefully consider the foregoing uncertainties prior to investing in the notes.  In general, events related to SOFR and alternative reference rates may
          adversely affect the liquidity, market value and yield of your class A-2b notes.
Risks associated with the unknown allocation of the class A-2a notes and the class A-2b notes.
The allocation of the initial principal amount between the class A-2a notes and the class A-2b notes may not be known until the time of pricing. Therefore,
          investors should not expect further disclosure of these matters prior to their entering into commitments to purchase these classes of notes.  Additionally, one of the two classes may not be issued or may have a very small initial principal
          amount.  However, if the aggregate initial principal amount of the notes is $1,300,000,000, the depositor expects that the initial principal amount of the class A-2b notes will not exceed $345,000,000, if the aggregate initial principal amount of
          the notes is $1,600,000,000, the depositor expects that the initial principal amount of the class A-2b notes will not exceed $424,720,000 and, if the aggregate initial principal amount of the notes is $1,900,000,000, the depositor expects that
          the initial principal amount of the class A-2b notes will not exceed $504,220,000.
As the allocated initial principal amount of the class A-2b notes is increased (relative to the class A-2a notes), there will be a greater amount of floating rate
          notes issued by the issuing entity, and therefore the issuing entity will have greater exposure to increases in the floating rate payable on the class A-2b notes.
Because the aggregate initial principal amount of class A-2a notes and the class A-2b notes is fixed as set forth on the front cover of this prospectus, the
          division of the aggregate initial principal amount between the class A-2a notes and the class A-2b notes may result in one of such classes either being issued in only a very small initial principal amount, which may reduce the liquidity of such
          class of notes, or not being issued at all.
34
Risks Primarily Related to the Receivables and Economic Conditions
Economic developments, geopolitical conditions and other market events may adversely affect the liquidity, performance and market value of your
          notes.
The United States has in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, a recession or period of economic contraction.  A deterioration in economic
          conditions, including elevated unemployment, decreases in home values and lack of available credit, may lead to increased delinquency and default rates by obligors, as well as decreased consumer demand for automobiles and declining market values
          of the automobiles securing the receivables.  As a result, delinquencies and credit losses on the receivables could increase, which could result in losses on your notes. In addition, consumer debt levels remain elevated, and there have been
          increasing trends in rates of delinquency and default frequency.  As consumers assume higher debt levels, delinquencies and losses on the receivables may increase, which could result in losses on your notes.
The global capital markets have recently experienced periods of heightened volatility in response to ongoing military conflicts, changes in the inflation rate,
          tariffs, uncertainty regarding the path of U.S. monetary and trade policy, and instability in the global banking sector.  Events in the global financial markets have in the past caused (and may cause again), a significant reduction in liquidity
          in the secondary market for asset-backed securities, which could adversely affect the market value of the notes and limit the ability of an investor to sell its notes.
Geopolitical conditions and other market events may impact TMCC and your notes.  Restrictive exchange or import controls or other disruptive trade policies
          (including any international trade disputes or changes in import fees or tariffs), disruption of operations as a result of systemic political or economic instability, adverse changes to tax laws and regulations, social unrest, outbreak of war or
          expansion of hostilities (including the current conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East), health epidemics and other outbreaks, climate-related risk, and acts of terrorism, could lead to among other things, declines in market liquidity and
          activity levels, volatile market conditions, a contraction of available credit, inflation, fluctuations in interest rates, weaker economic growth, and reduced business confidence on an international level, each of which could have a material
          adverse effect on TMCC’s financial condition.  Any such events could also adversely affect TMCC’s ability to service the receivables and perform its other obligations under the transaction agreements, which could have an adverse effect on your
          notes.
Additionally, inflation and other negative economic developments could reduce the amount of disposable income that the affected obligors have available to make
          monthly payments on their automobile finance contracts.  Higher energy costs could also cause business disruptions, which could cause unemployment and a deepening economic downturn. Such obligors could potentially become delinquent in making
          monthly payments or default if they were unable to make payments due to increased energy or fuel bills or unemployment.  The issuing entity’s ability to make payments on the notes could be adversely affected if the related obligors were unable to
          make timely payments.
Delinquencies and losses with respect to automobile finance contracts may increase during the term of your notes.  These increases in delinquencies and losses may
          be related to changes in consumer debt levels, increases in interest rates, a rise in the supply of used vehicles, a decrease in prices of used vehicles or the impact of public health concerns.  For delinquency and loss information regarding
          certain automobile loans originated and serviced by TMCC, you should refer to “
Delinquencies, Repossessions and Net Losses
” and “
Static Pools
” in this prospectus. 
          Increased delinquencies and losses may lead to decreased collections on the receivables and the issuing entity may not have sufficient available collections to pay amounts due on the notes on any payment date or to pay any class of the notes in
          full on the related final scheduled payment date.
The amounts received upon disposition of the financed vehicles may be adversely affected by discount pricing incentives, marketing incentive
          programs and other used car market factors, which may increase the risk of loss on your notes.
The market for used Toyota or Lexus vehicles could be adversely affected by factors such as changes in consumer demand, new vehicle incentive
          programs, new vehicle pricing, new vehicle sales, styling changes (including future plans for new Toyota and Lexus product introductions), recalls, the actual or perceived quality, safety or reliability of Toyota and Lexus vehicles, used vehicle
          supply (such as an overabundance of used cars, crossover utility vehicles, light-duty trucks and sport utility vehicles in the marketplace), the level of current used vehicle values, fuel prices, inflation, increased competition, governmental
          action or changes in increased
35
governmental regulation (including, for example, rules adopted by the Environmental Protection Agency and states regarding vehicle emissions), trade policies
          (including recent changes in import fees or tariffs on raw materials or imported vehicles), international trade disputes, fluctuations in interest rates, decreased or delayed new vehicle production, shortage of parts, components or raw materials,
          extreme weather conditions, natural disasters, supply chain or logistic network interruptions (including as a consequence of changes in trade policy), or other events and economic conditions generally. Any such adverse change could result in
          reduced proceeds upon the liquidation or other disposition of financed vehicles, and therefore could result in reduced proceeds on defaulted receivables.  If losses on the receivables exceed the credit enhancement available, you may suffer a loss
          on your investment.
Discount pricing incentives or other marketing incentive programs on new vehicles by Toyota Motor North America, Inc., TMCC or any of
            their competitors that effectively reduce the prices of new vehicles may have the effect of reducing demand by consumers for used cars, crossover utility vehicles, light-duty trucks and sport utility vehicles.  Additionally, the pricing of used
            vehicles is affected by the supply and demand for those vehicles, which, in turn, is affected by consumer tastes, economic factors (including the price of gasoline), inflation, the introduction and pricing of new vehicle models, the actual or
            perceived quality, safety or reliability of vehicles and other factors.  The reduced demand for used cars, crossover utility vehicles, light-duty trucks and sport utility vehicles resulting from discount pricing incentives or other marketing
            incentive programs introduced by Toyota Motor North America, Inc., TMCC or any of their competitors or other factors may reduce the prices consumers will be willing to pay for used cars, crossover utility vehicles, light-duty trucks and sport
            utility vehicles, including the vehicles that secure the receivables.  In addition, continued steady demand in the United States for new vehicles and any future implementation of programs by the United States government to stimulate the sale of
            new vehicles may have the effect of further reducing the values of used vehicles.  As a result, the proceeds received by the issuing entity upon any repossession of financed vehicles may be reduced and may not be sufficient to pay the
            receivables. The servicer manages the market for used Toyota and Lexus vehicles through certain programs, but there can be no assurance that such programs will continue to be successful
.
Paid-ahead simple interest contracts may affect the weighted average life of the notes.
If an obligor on a simple interest contract makes a payment on the contract ahead of schedule (for example, because the obligor intends to go on vacation), the
          weighted average lives of the notes could be affected.  This is because the additional scheduled payments will be treated as a principal prepayment and applied to reduce the principal balance of the related contract and the obligor will generally
          not be required to make any scheduled payments during the period for which it was paid ahead.  During this paid ahead period, interest will continue to accrue on the principal balance of the contract, as reduced by the application of the
          additional scheduled payments, but the obligor’s contract would not be considered delinquent during this period. Furthermore, when the obligor resumes his required payments, the payments so paid may be insufficient to cover the interest that has
          accrued since the last payment by the obligor.  This situation will continue until the regularly scheduled payments are once again sufficient to cover all accrued interest and to reduce the principal balance of the contract.  The payment by the
          issuing entity of the paid ahead principal amount on the notes will generally shorten the weighted average life of the notes.  However, depending on the length of time during which a paid ahead simple interest contract is not amortizing as
          described above, the weighted average life of the notes may be extended.  TMCC’s portfolio of retail installment sales contracts has historically included simple interest contracts which have been paid ahead by one or more scheduled monthly
          payments. There can be no assurance as to the number of contracts in the issuing entity which may become paid ahead simple interest contracts as described above or the number or the principal amount of the scheduled payments which may be paid
          ahead.
There may be potential adverse effects on the servicer, the receivables and your notes in the event any Toyota or Lexus models are subject to
          recalls.
Toyota Motor North America, Inc.
periodically conducts vehicle
recalls which could include temporary suspensions of sales and
          production of certain Toyota and Lexus models.  Because TMCC’s business is substantially dependent upon the sale of Toyota and Lexus vehicles, such events could adversely affect TMCC’s business. A decline in values of used Toyota and Lexus
          vehicles would have a negative effect on residual values and return rates which, in turn, could increase credit losses to TMCC.  Further, as described below, under “
—The regulatory environment in which TMCC
            operates could have an adverse effect on TMCC, the depositor and the issuing entity, which could result in losses or delays in payments on your notes
,” TMCC and its affiliates have been or may continue to become subject to litigation and
          governmental investigations and have been or may become subject to fines or other penalties.  These factors could affect sales of Toyota and Lexus vehicles and, accordingly, could have a negative effect on TMCC’s business, results of operations
          and financial condition. If the demand for used Toyota
36
or Lexus vehicles decreases due to recalls or other factors, the resale value of the vehicles related to the receivables may also decrease. As a result, the amount of proceeds
          received upon the liquidation
or other disposition of financed vehicles
may decrease.  A decrease in the level of sales, including as a result of the actual or perceived quality, safety or reliability of
          Toyota and Lexus vehicles, or a change in standards of regulatory bodies, will have a negative impact on TMCC’s financing volume, voluntary protection products volume, earnings assets and revenues.  The credit performance of TMCC’s dealer and
          consumer lending portfolios may also be adversely affected.
In addition, as a result of any recalls, obligors of related receivables may be more likely to be delinquent in or default on payments on their
            receivables.
If any of these events materially affect collections on the receivables, you may experience delays in payments or principal losses on your notes if the available credit enhancement has been exhausted.
The geographic concentration of the obligors and performance of the receivables may increase the risk of loss on your investment.
The concentration of the receivables in specific geographic areas may increase the risk of loss.  A deterioration in economic conditions in the states where
          obligors reside, including, but not limited to, those caused by extreme weather conditions and natural disasters, public health concerns (including
health epidemics or other outbreaks
) and other similar
          events, could adversely affect the ability and willingness of obligors to meet their payment obligations under the receivables and may consequently affect the delinquency, loss and repossession experience of the issuing entity with respect to the
          receivables. See also
“—Economic developments, geopolitical conditions and other market events may adversely affect the liquidity, performance and market value of your notes
” above. An improvement in
          economic conditions could result in prepayments by the obligors of their payment obligations under the receivables.  As a result, you may receive principal payments of your notes earlier than anticipated. For additional information, you should
          refer to “—
Certain obligors’ ability to make timely payments on the receivables, and the condition of the financed vehicles, may be adversely affected by extreme weather conditions, natural disasters, public
            health concerns and other similar events
” below.
As of the cutoff date, TMCC’s records indicate that, based on the mailing addresses of the obligors of the receivables, if the aggregate initial principal amount of
          the notes is $1,300,000,000, approximately 24.05% and 16.15% of the aggregate principal balance of the receivables as of the cutoff date was concentrated in California and Texas, respectively.  As of the cutoff date, TMCC’s records indicate that,
          based on the mailing addresses of the obligors of the receivables, if the aggregate initial principal amount of the notes is $1,600,000,000, approximately 24.01% and 16.33% of the aggregate principal balance of the receivables as of the cutoff
          date was concentrated in California and Texas, respectively.  As of the cutoff date, TMCC’s records indicate that, based on the mailing addresses of the obligors of the receivables, if the aggregate initial principal amount of the notes is
          $1,900,000,000, approximately 23.85% and 16.46% of the aggregate principal balance of the receivables as of the cutoff date was concentrated in California and Texas, respectively.  In each case, no other state, based on the mailing addresses of
          the related obligors, accounts for more than 5.00% of the aggregate principal balance of the receivables as of the cutoff date.
Certain obligors’ ability to make timely payments on the receivables, and the condition of the financed vehicles, may be adversely affected by
          extreme weather conditions, natural disasters, public health concerns and other similar events.
Extreme weather conditions and natural disasters, such as floods, hurricanes, earthquakes, tornadoes and wildfires (including an increase in the frequency of such
          conditions and disasters as the result of climate change), public health concerns (including
health epidemics or other outbreaks
) and other similar events, could result in substantial business disruptions,
          economic losses, unemployment, travel restrictions and disruptions, and could have a negative effect on general economic conditions, consumer confidence and general market liquidity.  As a result of such events, the obligors’ ability to make
          timely payments could be adversely affected, and the issuing entity’s ability to make payments on the notes could be adversely affected if obligors are unable to make timely payments on the receivables.  In addition, any such events may adversely
          affect the condition of the financed vehicles.  No representation or warranty will be made by TMCC or any other entity regarding the condition of any financed vehicle as of the cutoff date or any other date.  Under the terms of the receivables,
          obligors are required to maintain physical damage insurance.  However, there can be no assurance that such insurance has been maintained in all cases or would fully cover any damage to the related financed vehicle.  For additional information,
          you should refer to “
Transfer and Servicing Agreements—Insurance on Financed Vehicles
” in this prospectus.  No prediction can be made, and no assurance may be given, as to the effect of extreme weather
          conditions, natural disasters, public health
37
concerns (including
health epidemics or other outbreaks
) and other similar events on the rate of delinquencies, prepayments and/or losses on the
          receivables or the market value of your notes.
The rate of depreciation of certain financed vehicles could exceed the amortization of the outstanding principal balance of the loan on those
          financed vehicles, which may result in losses.
There can be no assurance that the value of any financed vehicle will be greater than the outstanding principal balance of the related receivable.  New vehicles
          normally experience an immediate decline in value after purchase because they are no longer considered new.  As a result, it is highly likely that the principal balance of the related receivable will exceed the value of the related vehicle during
          the earlier years of a receivable’s term.  Defaults during these earlier years are likely to result in losses because the proceeds of repossession are less likely to pay the full amount of interest and principal owed on the receivable.  The
          frequency and amount of losses may be greater for receivables with longer terms, because these receivables tend to have a somewhat greater frequency of delinquencies and defaults and because the slower rate of amortization of the principal
          balance of a longer term receivable may result in a longer period during which the value of the financed vehicle is less than the remaining principal balance of the receivable.  See the tables describing the composition of the receivables under
          the heading “
The Receivables
” in this prospectus for the percentage of the aggregate principal balance of the receivables as of the cutoff date consisting of receivables with original scheduled payments
          greater than 60 months.  The frequency and amount of losses may also be greater for obligors with little or no equity in their vehicles because the principal balances for such obligors are likely to be greater for similar loan terms and vehicles
          than for obligors with a more significant amount of equity in the vehicle.  Additionally, although the frequency of delinquencies and defaults tends to be greater for receivables secured by used vehicles, the amount of any loss tends to be
          greater for receivables secured by new vehicles because of the higher rate of depreciation described above.
You may suffer losses due to receivables with low annual percentage rates.
The receivables include receivables that have APRs that are less than the interest rates on your securities.  Obligors with higher APR receivables may prepay at a
          faster rate than obligors with lower APR receivables.  Higher rates of prepayments of receivables with higher APRs may result in the issuing entity holding receivables that will generate insufficient collections to cover delinquencies or
          chargeoffs on the receivables or to make current payments of interest on or principal of your notes.  Similarly, higher rates of prepayments of receivables with higher APRs will decrease the amounts available to be deposited in the reserve
          account, reducing the protection against losses and shortfalls afforded thereby to the notes.  For additional information, you should refer to “
Prepayment and Yield Considerations
” and the tables
          describing the distribution of the receivables by APR under “
The Receivables
” in this prospectus.
Risks Primarily Related to Legal and Regulatory Matters
Receivables that fail to comply with consumer protection laws may be unenforceable, which may result in losses on your investment.
Numerous federal and state consumer protection laws regulate consumer contracts such as the receivables.  Also, some of these laws may provide that the assignee of
          a consumer contract (such as the issuing entity) is liable to the related obligor for any failure of the contract to comply with these laws.  If any of the receivables do not comply with one or more of these laws, the servicer may be prevented
          from or delayed in collecting payments on such receivables, and the issuing entity, as assignee of the related originator, could be held liable for any applicable penalties or damages.  If that happens, payments on your notes could be delayed or
          reduced.
TMCC and the depositor will make representations and warranties relating to the receivables’ compliance with law and the issuing entity’s ability to enforce the
          contracts.  If the depositor breaches any of these representations or warranties, the issuing entity’s sole remedy (other than the indemnification available to the issuing entity as described below) will be to require the depositor to repurchase
          the related receivable if such breach materially and adversely affects the interest of the issuing entity in such receivable and such breach has not been cured in all material respects within any applicable cure period.  TMCC will have a
          corresponding obligation to repurchase any such receivable from the depositor.  TMCC will also indemnify the depositor for any failure of a receivable to have been originated in compliance with all applicable requirements of law, and the
          depositor’s right to such indemnification will be assigned to the issuing entity.  Any failure by TMCC or the depositor to repurchase any affected receivables, or to indemnify the issuing entity, as applicable, could result in delays or
          reductions in payments on your notes.  For additional information, you should refer to “
Certain Legal Aspects of the Receivables—Consumer Finance Regulation
” and “
Repurchases













            of Receivables
” in this prospectus.
38
The regulatory environment in which TMCC operates could have an adverse effect on TMCC, the depositor and the issuing entity, which could
          result in losses or delays in payments on your notes.
The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, or the “Dodd-Frank Act,” and its implementing regulations have had and may continue to have broad
          implications for the consumer financial services industry.
As a provider of finance and voluntary protection products and services, TMCC operates in a highly regulated environment.  TMCC is subject to state licensing
          requirements and state and federal laws and regulations. In addition, TMCC is subject to governmental and regulatory examinations, information gathering requests, and investigations from time to time at the state and federal levels.  Compliance
          with applicable law is costly and can affect TMCC’s results of operations.  Compliance requires forms, processes, procedures, controls and the infrastructure to support these requirements.  Compliance may create operational constraints and place
          limits on pricing, as the laws and regulations in the financial services industry are designed primarily for the protection of consumers.  Changes in laws and regulations could restrict TMCC’s ability to operate its business as currently
          operated, could impose substantial additional costs or require it to implement new processes, which could adversely affect TMCC’s business, prospects, financial performance or financial condition.  The failure to comply with applicable laws and
          regulations could result in significant statutory civil and criminal fines, penalties, monetary damages, attorney or legal fees and costs, restrictions on TMCC’s ability to operate its business, possible revocation of licenses and damage to
          TMCC’s reputation, brand and valued customer relationships. Any such costs, restrictions, revocations or damage could adversely affect TMCC’s business, prospects, results of operations or financial condition.
TMCC’s principal consumer finance regulator at the federal level is the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, or the “CFPB,” which has broad regulatory,
          supervisory and enforcement authority over TMCC.  The CFPB’s supervisory authority allows it, among other things, to conduct comprehensive and rigorous examinations to assess TMCC’s compliance with consumer financial protection laws, which could
          result in enforcement actions, regulatory fines and mandated changes to TMCC’s business, products, policies and procedures. The CFPB’s rulemaking authority includes the authority to promulgate rules regarding, among other practices, debt
          collection practices that would apply to third-party collectors and first-party collectors, such as TMCC, and rules regarding consumer credit reporting practices. The timing and impact of these rules on TMCC’s business remain uncertain.  In
          addition, the CFPB has focused on the area of auto finance, particularly with respect to indirect financing arrangements, dealer compensation and fair lending compliance, and has questioned the value and increased scrutiny of the marketing and
          sale of certain ancillary or add-on products and refunds associated with those products, including products similar to those financed by TMCC or sold through its affiliates.
The future of the CFPB’s
          operations is uncertain, and there is considerable uncertainty as to the operating status of other federal agencies and the future policies that the current U.S. administration may pursue in areas impacting financial regulation and consumer
          protection. It is also uncertain how other federal and state regulators will respond to any changes at the CFPB, which may include increasing or decreasing enforcement activity.
State regulators, the CFPB and the Federal Trade Commission, or the “FTC,” may investigate the products, services and operations of credit providers, including
          banks and other finance companies engaged in auto finance activities.  As a result of such investigations, the CFPB and the FTC have announced various enforcement actions against lenders in the past few years involving significant penalties,
          consent orders, cease and desist orders and similar remedies that, if applicable to TMCC or the products, services and operations TMCC offers, may require TMCC to cease or alter certain business practices, which could have a material adverse
          effect on TMCC’s results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.  Supervision and investigations by these agencies may result in monetary penalties, increase TMCC’s compliance costs, require changes in its business practices, affect
          its competitiveness, impair its profitability, harm its reputation or otherwise adversely affect its business.
The CFPB has also successfully asserted the power to investigate and bring enforcement actions directly against securitization vehicles.  On December 13, 2021, in
          an action brought by the CFPB, the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware denied a motion to dismiss filed by securitization trusts by holding that the trusts are a “covered person” under the Dodd-Frank Act because they engage in the
          servicing of loans, even if through servicers and subservicers
.  CFPB v. Nat’l Collegiate Master Student Loan Trust, No. 1:17-cv-1323-SB (D. Del.)
(the “NCMSLT Case”).  On April 25, 2025, the CFPB
          stipulated to the dismissal of the action with prejudice, and on April 28, 2025, the district court terminated the action pursuant to that stipulation of dismissal.
39
Despite the dismissal of the NCMSLT Case, the CFPB, state attorneys general and state regulators, who have the independent authority to enforce the Dodd-Frank Act,
          may rely on decisions in the NCMSLT and other cases as precedent in investigating and bringing enforcement actions against other trusts and securitization vehicles, including the issuing entity, in the future.
In February 2022, the CFPB also issued a Compliance Bulletin regarding the repossession of motor vehicles. In this Compliance Bulletin, the CFPB stated its
          position that automobile loan and lease holders and servicers are responsible for ensuring that their repossession-related practices, and the practices of their service providers, do not violate the law, and the CFPB also described its intention
          to hold loan and lease holders and servicers liable for unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practices related to the repossession of automobiles. On
May 12, 2025, the CFPB filed a notice in the Federal
          Register announcing that the agency has withdrawn this
Compliance Bulletin. Still, it
is possible that the CFPB may bring enforcement actions against securitization
          trusts holding automobile loans, such as the issuing entity, and servicers in the future.
In addition, the FTC, state regulators and state attorneys general have, in recent years, increased their scrutiny of motor vehicle dealers and auto lending,
          particularly with respect to antidiscrimination and deception concerns related to the prices of and fees charged in connection with automobile financing, including add-on products such as GAP insurance and extended warranties. For example, the
          New York Department of Financial Services issued an industry letter on July 18, 2023, requiring regulated automobile lenders and services ensure borrowers receive pro-rata rebates for cancelled ancillary products and California enacted a law
          governing the sales, offering and administration of GAP insurance in connection with retail installment contracts. Also, on December 12, 2023, the FTC issued a final rule that would have (i) prohibited motor vehicle dealers from making certain
          misrepresentations in the course of selling, leasing, or arranging financing for motor vehicles, (ii) required accurate pricing disclosures in dealers’ advertising and sales discussions, (iii) required dealers to obtain consumers’ express,
          informed consent for charges, (iv) prohibited the sale of any add-on product or service that confers no benefit to the consumer, and (v) required dealers to keep records of advertisements and customer transactions. The effective date was
          suspended pending a legal challenge to the rule filed in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit on January 4, 2024. On January 27, 2025, the Fifth Circuit vacated the rule on procedural grounds. At this stage, it is unclear whether the
          FTC will attempt to reissue the rule, particularly in light of the change in leadership at the agency.
At the state level, state regulators take a more stringent approach to supervising and regulating providers of financial products and services subject to their
          jurisdiction.  As described under “
Certain Legal Aspects of the Receivables—Consumer Finance Regulation
” and “
—Other Federal Regulation
” in this prospectus, TMCC
          may take certain actions relating to certain of the receivables, including modifying their terms or making certain payments to obligors.  There can be no assurance that TMCC will take any of these actions or, if it does, whether any of these
          actions will result in the repurchase of some or all of the affected receivables. For additional information regarding state consumer protection laws and related regulations that may affect TMCC, you should refer to “
Certain Legal Aspects of the Receivables—Consumer Finance Regulation
” in this prospectus.
If the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or the “FDIC,” were appointed receiver of TMCC, the depositor or the issuing entity under the Orderly Liquidation
          Authority provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act, the FDIC could repudiate contracts deemed burdensome to the estate, including secured debt.  TMCC has structured the transfers of the receivables to the depositor and the issuing entity as a valid and
          perfected sale under applicable state law and under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code to mitigate the risk of the recharacterization of the sale as a grant of security interest to secure debt of TMCC.  Any attempt by the FDIC to recharacterize the
          transfer of the receivables as a grant of a security interest to secure debt that the FDIC then repudiates would cause delays in payments or losses on the notes.  In addition, if the issuing entity were to become subject to the Orderly
          Liquidation Authority, the FDIC may repudiate the debt of the issuing entity and the noteholders would have a secured claim in the receivership of the issuing entity.  Also, if the issuing entity were subject to Orderly Liquidation Authority, the
          noteholders would not be permitted to accelerate the debt, exercise remedies against the collateral or replace the servicer without the FDIC’s consent for 90 days after the receiver is appointed.  As a result of any of these events, delays in
          payments on the notes would occur and possible reductions in the amount of those payments could occur.  For additional information, you should refer to “
Certain Legal Aspects of the Receivables—Dodd-Frank Act
            Orderly Liquidation Authority Provisions
” in this prospectus.
40
No assurances can be given that the liquidation framework for the resolution of “covered financial companies” would not apply to TMCC or its affiliates, including
          the depositor and the issuing entity.  For additional information, you should refer to “
Certain Legal Aspects of the Receivables—Dodd-Frank Act Orderly Liquidation Authority Provisions—Potential Applicability to
            TMCC, the Depositor and the Issuing Entity
” in this prospectus.
Changes to the regulatory environment in which TMCC operates, including, for example, laws or regulations intended to mitigate factors contributing to, or intended
          to address the potential impacts of, climate change, could have a material adverse effect on TMCC’s business, results of operations and financial condition.  Any such changes could also adversely affect TMCC’s ability to service the receivables
          and perform its other obligations under the transaction agreements, which could have an adverse effect on your notes.
The return on the notes could be reduced by shortfalls due to federal and state laws limiting collections on certain receivables.
Pursuant to federal law and the laws of various states, payments on retail installment sales contracts or installment loans, such as the receivables, by certain
          members of the military who are on active duty and residents in those states who are called into active duty with the national guard or the reserves by the related governor, will be deferred under certain circumstances.
For example, the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, as amended, provides, and similar laws of many states may provide, relief to obligors who enter active military
          service (including national guard members) and to obligors in reserve status who are called to active duty after the origination of their receivables. Relief may also be available to obligors who are dependents of persons eligible for benefits
          under the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act. Global conflicts and tensions may continue to involve military operations that will increase the number of U.S. citizens who have been called or will be called to active duty. The Servicemembers Civil
          Relief Act provides, generally, that an obligor who is covered by the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act may not be charged interest on the related receivable in excess of 6% per annum during the period of the obligor’s active duty. The
          Servicemembers Civil Relief Act may also limit the ability of the servicer to repossess the financed vehicle securing a receivable and, in some cases, may require the servicer to extend the maturity of the receivable, lower monthly payments and
          readjust the related obligor’s payment schedule for a period of time.
As a result of such laws and regulations, there may be delays or reductions in payment of, and increased losses on the receivables and you may suffer a loss on your
          notes.  We do not know how many receivables may be impacted by such laws and regulations. For additional information, you should refer to “
Certain Legal Aspects of the Receivables—Other Limitations
” in
          this prospectus.
Risks Primarily Related to Servicing
Funds held by the servicer that are intended to be used to make payments on the notes may be exposed to a risk of loss.
The servicer generally may retain all payments and proceeds collected on the receivables during each collection period.  The servicer is generally not required to
          segregate those funds from its own accounts until the funds are deposited in the collection account on or prior to each payment date.  Until any collections or proceeds are deposited into the collection account, the servicer will be able to
          invest those amounts for its own benefit at its own risk.  The issuing entity and noteholders are not entitled to any amount earned on the funds held by the servicer.  If the servicer does not deposit the funds in the collection account as
          required on any payment date, the issuing entity may be unable to make the payments owed on your notes.
A servicer default may result in additional costs, increased servicing fees by a substitute servicer or a diminution in servicing performance,
          including higher delinquencies and defaults, all of which may have an adverse effect on your notes.
If a servicer default occurs, either the indenture trustee or the holders of notes evidencing not less than a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the
          notes of the controlling class then outstanding, acting together as a single class (excluding for such purposes the aggregate outstanding principal amount of any notes held of record or beneficially owned by TMCC, TAFR LLC or any of their
          affiliates), may remove the servicer without the consent of the owner trustee or the certificateholders.  In the event of the removal of the servicer and the appointment of a successor servicer, we cannot predict the cost of the transfer of
          servicing to the successor, the ability of the successor to perform the obligations and duties of the servicer under the sale and servicing agreement; or the servicing fees charged by the successor.  In addition, the holders of notes evidencing
          not less than a majority of the aggregate
41
principal amount of the notes of the controlling class then outstanding (excluding for such purposes the aggregate outstanding principal amount of any notes held of record or
          beneficially owned by TMCC, TAFR LLC or any of their affiliates), acting together as a single class, have the ability, with some exceptions, to waive defaults by the servicer.  Furthermore, the indenture trustee may experience difficulties in
          appointing a successor servicer and during any transition phase, it is possible that normal servicing activities could be disrupted, resulting in increased delinquencies and/or defaults on the receivables.  Additionally, because the servicing fee
          is based on a percentage of the aggregate outstanding amount of the receivables, the fee the servicer receives each month will be reduced as the size of the pool decreases over time.  At some point, if the need arises to obtain a successor
          servicer, the fee that such successor servicer would earn might not be sufficient to induce a potential successor servicer to agree to service the remaining receivables in the pool, which could result in increased delinquencies and/or defaults on
          the receivables.
There may be potential adverse effects of credit ratings-related matters on the servicer, which could have an adverse effect on your notes.
Several credit rating agencies rate the long-term corporate credit and/or debt of TMCC and its affiliates.  The credit ratings of TMCC depend, in large part, on the
          existence of the credit support arrangements with Toyota Financial Services Corporation and Toyota Motor Corporation and on the financial condition and results of operations of Toyota Motor Corporation.  If these arrangements (or replacement
          arrangements acceptable to the applicable rating agencies) become unavailable to TMCC, or if the credit ratings of the credit support providers were lowered, TMCC’s credit ratings would be adversely impacted. The cost and availability of
          financing is influenced by credit ratings, which are intended to be an indicator of the creditworthiness of a particular company, security or obligation.
Credit rating agencies which rate the credit of Toyota Motor Corporation and its affiliates, including TMCC, may qualify or alter ratings at any time.  Global
          economic conditions and other geopolitical factors, including health epidemics and other outbreaks, may directly or indirectly affect such ratings and your notes.  Any downgrade in the sovereign credit ratings of the United States or Japan may
          directly or indirectly have a negative effect on the ratings of Toyota Motor Corporation and TMCC.  Downgrades or placement on review for possible downgrades could result in an increase in TMCC’s borrowing costs as well as reduced access to
          global unsecured debt capital markets.  These factors would have a negative impact on TMCC’s competitive position, results of operations and financial condition, which could affect the ability of the servicer to collect on the receivables and
          therefore result in delays in payments or principal losses on your notes if the available credit enhancement has been exhausted.
A security breach or a cyber-attack affecting TMCC could adversely affect TMCC’s business, results of operations and financial condition, which
          could have an adverse effect on your notes.
TMCC collects and stores certain personal and financial information from customers, employees, and other third parties.  TMCC and other financial institutions
          continue to be targets of ever evolving cyber-security threats and cyber-attacks. Additional security breaches or cyber-attacks involving TMCC’s systems or facilities, including those shared with TMCC’s affiliates, or the systems or facilities of
          third-party providers, could expose TMCC to a risk of loss of personal information of customers, employees and third parties or other confidential, proprietary or competitively sensitive information, business interruptions, regulatory scrutiny,
          actions and penalties, litigation, reputational harm, a loss of confidence, and other financial and non-financial costs, all of which could potentially have an adverse impact on TMCC’s future business with current and potential customers, results
          of operations and financial condition.
TMCC relies on encryption and other information security technologies licensed from third parties to provide security controls necessary to help in securing online
          transmission of confidential information pertaining to customers, employees and other aspects of TMCC’s business.  Advances in information system capabilities, new discoveries in the field of cryptography, the use of artificial intelligence by
          third-parties or other events or developments may result in a compromise or breach of the technology that TMCC uses to protect sensitive data.  A party who is able to circumvent TMCC’s security measures by methods such as hacking, fraud, trickery
          or other forms of deception could misappropriate proprietary information or cause interruption in TMCC’s operations.  TMCC has been required to expend capital and other resources to protect against such security breaches or cyber-attacks or to
          remediate problems caused by such breaches or attacks, and TMCC may be required to expend significant additional resources.  TMCC’s security measures are designed to protect against security breaches and cyber-attacks, but TMCC’s failure to
          prevent such security breaches and cyber-attacks could subject TMCC to liability, decrease TMCC’s profitability and damage TMCC’s reputation.  Even if a failure of, or interruption in,
42
TMCC’s systems or facilities is resolved timely or an attempted cyber incident or other security breach is successfully avoided or thwarted, it may require TMCC to expend substantial
          resources or to take actions that could adversely affect customer satisfaction or behavior and expose TMCC to reputational harm.
From time to time, TMCC is also subjected to cyber-attacks that result in slow performance and loss or temporary unavailability of TMCC’s information systems. 
          Information security risks have increased because of new technologies, the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies (including mobile devices and in-vehicle systems) to conduct financial and other business transactions, and the
          increased sophistication and activities of state-sponsored actors, organized crime, perpetrators of fraud, terrorists, and others.  In addition, TMCC may have increased cyber-security risks and increased vulnerability to security breaches and
          other information technology disruptions as a result of increased remote or hybrid work arrangements. TMCC may not be able to anticipate or implement effective preventative measures against all security breaches of these types, especially because
          the techniques used change frequently and because attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources.  The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on TMCC’s business, results of operations and financial condition,
          could adversely affect TMCC’s ability to service the receivables and perform its other obligations under the transaction agreements, and could have an adverse effect on your notes.
TMCC’s enterprise data practices, including the collection, use, sharing, and security of personal and financial information of TMCC’s
          customers, employees, and third-party individuals, are subject to increasingly complex, restrictive, and punitive laws and regulations.
Under current laws, the failure to maintain compliant data practices could result in consumer complaints and regulatory inquiry, resulting in civil or criminal
          penalties, as well as brand impact or other harm to TMCC’s business.  In addition, increased consumer sensitivity to real or perceived failures in maintaining acceptable data practices could damage TMCC’s reputation and deter current and
          potential customers from using TMCC’s products and services. For example, well-publicized allegations involving the misuse or inappropriate sharing of personal information have led to expanded governmental scrutiny of practices relating to the
          safeguarding of personal information and the use or sharing of personal data by companies in the U.S. and other countries.  That scrutiny has in some cases resulted in, and could in the future lead to, the adoption of stricter laws and
          regulations relating to the use and sharing of personal information. For example, some states have enacted and others are considering enacting data protection regimes that grant consumers broad new rights including access to, deletion of, and
          limiting the sharing of personal information that is collected by businesses and requiring regulated entities to establish measures to identify, manage, secure, track, produce, update and delete personal information.  In some jurisdictions, these
          laws and regulations provide a private right of action that would allow customers to bring suit directly against us for certain violations of these laws and regulations. These types of laws and regulations could prohibit or significantly restrict
          financial services providers such as TMCC from sharing information among affiliates or with third parties such as vendors, and thereby increase compliance costs, or could restrict TMCC’s use of personal data when developing or offering products
          or services to customers.  These restrictions could inhibit TMCC’s development or marketing of certain products or services, or increase the costs of offering them to customers.  Because many of these laws are new, there is little clarity as to
          their interpretation, as well as a lack of precedent for the scope of enforcement.  In addition, these laws are state specific and have specific details that are not uniform state-to-state. The cost of compliance with these laws and regulations
          will be high and is likely to increase in the future.  Any failure or perceived failure to comply with applicable privacy or data protection laws and regulations could result in requirements to modify or cease certain operations or practices,
          significant liabilities or fines
, penalties or other sanctions, which could adversely affect TMCC’s ability to service the receivables and perform its other obligations under the transaction agreements, and could have
          an adverse effect on your notes.
A failure or interruption of TMCC’s information systems, including in connection with any consolidation of or change in servicing operations,
          could have an adverse effect on your notes.
TMCC relies on its own information systems and third-party information systems to manage its operations, which creates meaningful operational risk for TMCC.  Any
          failure or interruption of TMCC’s information systems or the third-party information systems on which it relies as a result of inadequate or failed processes or systems, human errors, employee misconduct, cyber-security attacks, catastrophic
          events, extreme weather conditions, security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, malware, ransomware, misplaced or lost data, or other events could disrupt TMCC’s normal operating procedures, damage its reputation and have an adverse
          effect on TMCC’s business, results of operations and financial condition, which could adversely affect TMCC’s ability to service the receivables and perform its other obligations under the transaction agreements, and could have an adverse effect
          on
43
your notes.  These operations risks may be increased as a result of ongoing remote or hybrid work arrangements. From time to time, TMCC may update its servicing systems in order to
          improve operating efficiency, update technology and enhance customer services.  For example, TMCC is in the process of implementing a new core servicing system to replace its legacy core servicing system, which includes building a new enterprise
          integration platform that also accommodates downstream systems.  In connection with any such updates, TMCC may experience limited disruptions in servicing activities both during and following roll-out of the new servicing systems or platforms
          caused by, among other things, periods of system down-time and periods devoted to user training.  These and other implementation related difficulties may contribute to higher delinquencies.  It is not possible to predict with any degree of
          certainty all of the potential adverse consequences that may be experienced, and there can also be no assurance that any such disruptions in servicing activities will not adversely affect TMCC’s ability to service the receivables, which could
          have an adverse effect on your notes.
Risks Primarily Related to Bankruptcy and Insolvency of Transaction Parties and Perfection of Security Interests
The bankruptcy of TMCC or the depositor could result in losses or delays in payments on your notes.
If TMCC or the depositor were to become subject to bankruptcy proceedings, you could experience losses or delays in the payments on your notes.  TMCC will sell the
          receivables to the depositor, and the depositor will in turn sell the receivables to the issuing entity.  However, if TMCC or the depositor were to become subject to a bankruptcy proceeding, the court in the bankruptcy proceeding could conclude
          that TMCC or the depositor effectively still owns the receivables by concluding that the sale to the depositor by TMCC or the sale to the issuing entity by the depositor was not a “true sale” or that the issuing entity should be consolidated with
          TMCC or the depositor for bankruptcy purposes.  If a court were to reach this conclusion, you could experience losses or delays in payments on the notes as a result of, among other things:
The depositor will take steps in structuring the transactions described in this prospectus to minimize the risk that a court would consolidate the issuing entity with the depositor for
            bankruptcy purposes or conclude that the sale of receivables to the issuing entity was not a “true sale.”  For additional information, you should refer to “
Certain Legal Aspects of the Receivables—Certain
              Bankruptcy Considerations
” in this prospectus.
The bankruptcy of the issuing entity could result in losses or delays in payments on your notes.
If the issuing entity were to become subject to bankruptcy proceedings, you could experience losses or delays in the payments on your notes as a result of, among
          other things, an “automatic stay,” which prevents secured creditors from exercising remedies against a debtor in bankruptcy without permission from the applicable court, and provisions of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code that permit substitution of
          collateral in limited circumstances.
The insolvency or bankruptcy of the servicer could delay the appointment of a successor servicer or reduce payments on your notes.
In the event of default by the servicer resulting solely from certain events of insolvency or the bankruptcy of the servicer, the indenture trustee could neither
          appoint a successor servicer nor prevent the servicer from appointing a sub-servicer, as the case may be, without the consent of the bankruptcy trustee or the bankruptcy court, and delays in the collection of payments on the receivables may
          occur.  Any delay in the collection of payments on the receivables may delay or reduce payments to noteholders.
44
The issuing entity’s interests in financed vehicles may be unenforceable or defeated.
The certificates of title for vehicles financed by TMCC name TMCC as the secured party.  The certificates of title for financed vehicles under contracts assigned
          to the issuing entity will not be amended to identify the issuing entity as the new secured party because it would be administratively burdensome to do so.  However, financing statements showing the transfer to the issuing entity of TMCC’s and
          the depositor’s interest in the receivables and the transfer to the indenture trustee of the issuing entity’s interest in the receivables will be filed with the appropriate governmental authorities.  TMCC, as servicer, will retain the
          documentation for the receivables and the certificates of title.  Because of these arrangements, another person could acquire an interest in the receivables and the financed vehicles that is judged by a court of law to be superior to the issuing
          entity’s or the indenture trustee’s interest.  Examples of these persons are other creditors of the obligor, a subsequent purchaser of a financed vehicle or another lender who finances the vehicle.  Some of the ways this could happen are
          described under “
Certain Legal Aspects of the Receivables
” in this prospectus.  In some circumstances, either the depositor or the servicer will be required to purchase receivables if a security interest
          superior to the claims of others has not been properly established and maintained.  The details of this obligation are described under “
Repurchases of Receivables
” in this prospectus.
If the servicer does not maintain control of the receivables evidenced by electronic contracts, the issuing entity may not have a perfected
          interest in those receivables.
As described in “
The Sponsor, Administrator and Servicer—Electronic Contracts and Electronic Contracting
” in this
          prospectus, for some receivables, TMCC acquires possession of the related contracts from dealers and converts them to electronic form and maintains control of the electronic copies through TMCC’s own technology system.  Other receivables may be
          originated electronically through a third-party custodian using the third-party custodian’s technology system.  Both of these technology systems are designed to enable TMCC to perfect its interest in the receivables evidenced by electronic
          contracts by satisfying the Uniform Commercial Code’s requirements for “control” of electronic chattel paper.  TMCC will obtain “control” of an electronic contract if (a) there is a “single authoritative copy” of the electronic contract that is
          readily distinguishable from all other copies and which identifies TMCC as the owner, (b) all other copies of the electronic contract indicate that they are not the “authoritative copy” of the electronic contract, (c) any revisions to the
          authoritative copy of the electronic contract are readily identifiable as either authorized or unauthorized revisions, and (d) authorized revisions of the electronic contract cannot be made without TMCC’s participation.  However, it is possible
          that another person could acquire an interest in an electronic contract that is superior to TMCC’s interest (and accordingly, the issuing entity’s interest).  This could occur if TMCC ceases to have “control” over the electronic contract that is
          maintained by TMCC or on behalf of TMCC by the third-party custodian and another party purchases that electronic contract (without knowledge that such purchase violates TMCC’s rights in the electronic contract) and obtains “control” over the
          electronic contract.  TMCC also could lose control over an electronic contract if through fraud, forgery, negligence or error, or as a result of a computer virus or a failure of or weakness in TMCC’s or the third-party custodian’s technology
          system, as applicable, a person other than TMCC were able to modify or duplicate the authoritative copy of the contract.
TMCC and the depositor will represent that TMCC has a perfected interest in the receivables to the extent evidenced by electronic contracts by means of control and
          that the interest has been transferred to the depositor and thereafter to the issuing entity.  Although TMCC will perfect its assignment of its interest in the electronic contracts to the issuing entity and the indenture trustee by filing
          financing statements, the fact that TMCC’s interest in the receivables may not be perfected by control may affect the priority of the issuing entity’s interest in the receivables. The issuing entity’s interest in the receivables could be junior
          to another party with a perfected security interest in the inventory of the originating dealer.
There can be no assurances that the third-party’s technology system will perform as represented to the servicer in maintaining the systems and controls required to
          provide assurance that TMCC maintains control over an electronic contract.  In that event, there may be delays in obtaining copies of the electronic contract or confirming ownership and control of the electronic contract.  Additionally, there is
          a risk that the systems employed by TMCC or the third-party to maintain control of the electronic contracts may not be sufficient as a matter of law to give TMCC (and accordingly, the issuing entity) a perfected interest in the receivables
          evidenced by electronic contracts.
From time to time, the receivables evidenced by electronic contracts may be amended, including, without limitation, by extensions of the final maturity date.  To
          the extent any of those amendments is evidenced in tangible form, TMCC and the depositor will represent that TMCC has a perfected interest in the receivables (consisting of
45
the electronic contract and tangible amendment) by possession of the tangible amendment and control of the electronic contract.
As a result of the foregoing, TMCC (and accordingly, the issuing entity) may not have a perfected interest in certain receivables or its interest, although
          perfected, could be junior to that of another party.  Either circumstance could affect TMCC’s ability on behalf of the issuing entity to repossess and sell the underlying financed vehicles. Therefore, you may be subject to delays in payment on
          your notes and you may incur losses on your investment in the notes.
General Risks Relating to the Transaction
The notes are not suitable investments for all investors.
The notes are not a suitable investment for any investor that requires a regular or predictable schedule of payments or payment on specific dates. The notes are
          complex investments that should be considered only by sophisticated investors.  We suggest that only investors who, either alone or with their financial, tax and legal advisors, have the expertise to analyze the prepayment, reinvestment and
          default risks, the tax consequences of an investment and the interaction of these factors should consider investing in the notes.
The absence of a secondary market for the notes or a lack of liquidity in the secondary markets could limit your ability to resell the notes or
          adversely affect the market value of your notes.
The notes will not be listed on any securities exchange. Therefore, to sell your notes, you must first locate a willing purchaser. The underwriters may, but are
          not obligated to, provide a secondary market for the notes and even if the underwriters make a market in the notes, the underwriters may stop making offers at any time.  In addition, the prices offered, if any, may not reflect prices that other
          potential purchasers would be willing to pay, were they to be given the opportunity.
Disruptions in the global financial markets have from time to time limited secondary market liquidity for asset-backed securities such as the notes, so there can
          be no assurance that you will be able to sell your notes at favorable prices or at all.  Periods of illiquidity could affect the secondary market, thereby adversely affecting the value of your notes and limiting your ability to locate a willing
          purchaser of your notes.  Furthermore, the global financial markets are experiencing increased volatility due to uncertainty surrounding the level and sustainability of the sovereign debt of various countries. Concerns regarding sovereign debt
          may spread to other countries at any time. There can be no assurance that these uncertainties will not lead to further disruption of the credit markets in the United States.  Accordingly, you may not be able to sell your notes when you want to do
          so or you may be unable to obtain the price that you wish to receive for your notes and, as a result, you could suffer a loss on your investment.
For additional information, you should refer to “
Risks primarily related to the receivables and economic conditions
—
Economic developments, geopolitical conditions and other market events may adversely affect the liquidity, performance and market value of your notes
” above.
The ratings for the notes may be lowered or withdrawn at any time and do not consider the suitability of the notes for you.
The ratings assigned to the class A notes by any rating agency will be based on, among other things, the adequacy of the assets of the issuing entity, any credit
          enhancement and any other information such rating agency considers material to such determination.  The rating considers only the likelihood that the issuing entity will pay interest on time and will ultimately pay principal in full or make full
          distributions of note balances.  Ratings on the class A notes do not address the timing of distributions of principal on the notes prior to their applicable final scheduled payment date.  The ratings do not consider the prices of the notes or
          their suitability to a particular investor.  The ratings assigned to the class A notes may be lowered or withdrawn at any time.  If any rating agency changes its rating or withdraws its rating, no one has an obligation to provide additional
          credit enhancement or to restore the original rating.
46
Withdrawal or downgrading of the initial ratings of the notes will, and any adverse changes to a rating may, affect the prices for the notes
          upon resale, and the payment of rating agency fees by the sponsor may present a conflict of interest.
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities.  Similar ratings on different types of securities do not necessarily mean the same
          thing.  To the extent the notes are rated by any rating agency, any such rating agency may change its ratings of the notes if that rating agency believes that circumstances have changed.  Any subsequent change in a rating will likely affect the
          price that a subsequent purchaser would be willing to pay for the notes and your ability to resell your notes.
The depositor expects that the class A notes will receive ratings from two nationally recognized statistical rating organizations, or NRSROs, hired by the sponsor
          to rate the class A notes.  Ratings initially assigned to the class A notes will be paid for by the sponsor.  The sponsor is not aware that any other NRSRO, other than the NRSROs hired by the sponsor to rate the class A notes, has assigned
          ratings on the notes.  Securities and Exchange Commission rules state that the payment of fees by the sponsor, the issuing entity or an underwriter to rating agencies to issue or maintain a credit rating on asset-backed securities is a conflict
          of interest for rating agencies.  In the view of the Securities and Exchange Commission, this conflict is particularly acute because arrangers of asset-backed securities transactions provide repeat business to the rating agencies.  Under
          Securities and Exchange Commission rules, information provided by the sponsor or the underwriters to a hired NRSRO for the purpose of assigning or monitoring the ratings on the notes is required to be made available to each non-hired NRSRO in
          order to make it possible for such non-hired NRSROs to assign unsolicited ratings on the notes.  An unsolicited rating could be assigned at any time, including prior to the closing date, and none of the depositor, the sponsor, the underwriters or
          any of their affiliates will have any obligation to inform you of any unsolicited ratings assigned to the notes and such parties may be aware of such unsolicited ratings.  NRSROs, including the hired rating agencies, may have different
          methodologies, criteria, models and requirements.  If any non-hired NRSRO assigns an unsolicited rating on the notes, there can be no assurance that such rating will not be lower than the ratings provided by the hired rating agencies, which could
          adversely affect the market value of your notes and/or limit your ability to resell your notes.  In addition, if the sponsor fails to make available to the non-hired NRSROs any information provided to any hired rating agency for the purpose of
          assigning or monitoring the ratings on the notes, a hired rating agency could withdraw its ratings on the notes, which could adversely affect the market value of your notes and/or limit your ability to resell your notes.  Furthermore, Congress or
          the Securities and Exchange Commission may determine that any NRSRO that assigns ratings to the notes no longer qualifies as a nationally recognized statistical rating organization for purposes of the federal securities laws and that
          determination may also have an adverse effect on the market price of the notes.  Potential investors in the notes are urged to make their own evaluation of the creditworthiness of the receivables and the credit enhancement on the notes, and not
          to rely solely on the ratings on the notes.
Retention of some or all of one or more classes of the notes may reduce the liquidity of such classes of notes.
The class B notes and approximately, but not less than, 5% (by aggregate initial principal amount) of each of the class A-2a notes, the class A-2b notes, the class
          A-3 notes and the class A-4 notes will be retained initially by the depositor.  Some or all, but not less than 5% (by aggregate initial principal amount), of the class A-1 notes will also be retained initially by the depositor.
However, to the extent not necessary to satisfy Regulation RR, as described under “
The Sponsor, Administrator and Servicer––Credit Risk Retention
” in this prospectus,
          any retained notes may subsequently be sold directly, including through a placement agent, or through underwriters, in one or more negotiated transactions or otherwise at varying prices to be determined at the time of sale.  If any retained notes
          are subsequently sold in the secondary market, demand for and the market price of notes already in the market could be adversely affected.  Additionally, if any retained notes are subsequently sold, the voting power of the noteholders of the
          outstanding notes may be diluted.
The initial principal amount of the class A-1 notes sold to investors on the closing date, if any, and the initial principal amount of the class A-1 notes retained
          initially by the depositor may not be known until the day of pricing.  Therefore, investors should not expect further disclosure of this matter prior to their entering into commitments to purchase any class A-1 notes.  A significant reduction in
          liquidity in the secondary market for the class A-1 notes may result if the depositor retains a large amount of such notes.
47
Because the notes are in book-entry form, your rights can only be exercised indirectly.
Because the notes will be issued in book-entry form, you will be required to hold your interest in the notes through The Depository Trust Company in the United
          States, or Clearstream Banking, société anonyme or the Euroclear Bank SA/NV, as operator for the Euroclear System or their successors or assigns. Transfers of interests in the notes within The Depository Trust Company, Clearstream Banking,
          société anonyme or the Euroclear System must be made in accordance with the usual rules and operating procedures of those systems. So long as the notes are in book-entry form, you will not be entitled to receive a definitive note representing
          your interest. The notes will remain in book-entry form except in the limited circumstances described under “
Description of the Notes—Book-Entry Registration
” in this prospectus. Unless and until the notes
          cease to be held in book-entry form, the indenture trustee will not recognize you as a “noteholder,” as the term is used in the indenture. As a result, you will only be able to exercise the rights of noteholders indirectly through The Depository
          Trust Company (if in the United States) and its participating organizations, or Clearstream Banking, société anonyme or the Euroclear Bank SA/NV, as operator for the Euroclear System and their participating organizations. Holding the notes in
          book-entry form could also limit your ability to pledge your notes to persons or entities that do not participate in The Depository Trust Company, Clearstream Banking, société anonyme or the Euroclear System and to take other actions that require
          a physical certificate representing the notes.  Interest and principal on the notes will be paid by the issuing entity to The Depository Trust Company as the record holder of the notes while they are held in book-entry form. The Depository Trust
          Company will credit payments received from the issuing entity to the accounts of its participants which, in turn, will credit those amounts to noteholders either directly or indirectly through indirect participants. This process may delay your
          receipt of principal and interest payments from the issuing entity.
48
THE ISSUING ENTITY
The Toyota Auto Receivables 2026-B Owner Trust (the “Issuing Entity”) is a Delaware statutory trust formed pursuant to the trust agreement, as amended and restated
          (the “Trust Agreement”), between Toyota Auto Finance Receivables LLC, as depositor (“TAFR LLC” or the “Depositor”), and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as owner trustee (in such capacity, the “Owner Trustee”), and the filing of a
          certificate of trust with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware.  After its formation, the Issuing Entity will not engage in any activity other than:
(i)
acquiring,













            holding and managing the Receivables described below under “
The Receivables
” and the other property of the Issuing Entity and proceeds therefrom;
(ii)
issuing:
(a)
the













            Class A-1 Asset-Backed Notes in the aggregate initial principal amount of $274,000,000, if the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000, $337,000,000, if the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is
            $1,600,000,000 or $400,600,000, if the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,900,000,000 (the “Class A‑1 Notes”);
(b)
the













            Class A-2a Asset-Backed Notes in the aggregate initial principal amount of $__________, if the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000, $__________, if the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is
            $1,600,000,000 or $__________, if the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,900,000,000 (the “Class A-2a Notes”);
(c)
the













            Class A-2b Asset-Backed Notes in the aggregate initial principal amount of $__________, if the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000, $__________, if the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is
            $1,600,000,000 or $__________, if the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,900,000,000 (the “Class A-2b Notes”);
(d)
the













            Class A-3 Asset-Backed Notes in the aggregate initial principal amount of $460,000,000, if the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000, $566,300,000, if the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is
            $1,600,000,000 or $672,300,000, if the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,900,000,000 (the “Class A‑3 Notes”);
(e)
the













            Class A-4 Asset-Backed Notes in the aggregate initial principal amount of $73,500,000  if the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000¸ $90,400,000  if the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is
            $1,600,000,000 or $107,300,000, if the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,900,000,000 (the “Class A‑4 Notes”);
(f)
the













            Class B Asset-Backed Notes in the aggregate initial principal amount of $32,500,000, if the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000, $40,000,000, if the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,600,000,000
            or $47,500,000, if the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,900,000,000 (the “Class B Notes”); and
(g)
the













            certificate (the “Certificate”), evidencing an undivided beneficial ownership interest in the Issuing Entity that is subordinate to the interests of the holders of any class of Notes;
provided, that the allocation of the initial principal amount between the Class A-2a Notes and Class A-2b Notes will be determined at the time of pricing of the Notes offered
          hereunder. The Depositor expects that, (i) if the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000, the aggregate initial principal amount of the Class A-2a Notes and the Class A-2b Notes will be $460,000,000 and the aggregate
          initial principal amount of the Class A-2b Notes will not exceed $345,000,000, (ii) if the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,600,000,000, the aggregate initial principal amount of Class A-2a Notes and Class A-2b Notes will be
          $566,300,000 and the aggregate initial principal amount of the Class A-2b Notes will not exceed $424,720,000 and (iii) if the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,900,000,000, the aggregate initial principal amount of Class A-2a
          Notes and Class A-2b Notes will be $672,300,000 and the aggregate initial principal amount of the Class A-2b Notes will not exceed $504,220,000;
49
(iii)
making distributions on the Notes and the Certificate and to the Depositor, the Servicer, the Administrator and any third parties;
(iv)
engaging in those other activities, including entering into agreements, that are necessary, suitable or convenient to accomplish the foregoing or are incidental thereto or connected therewith;
(v)
subject













            to compliance with the Transfer and Servicing Agreements, engaging in such other activities as may be required in connection with conservation of the Trust Estate; and
(vi)
assigning, granting, transferring, pledging, mortgaging and conveying the Trust Estate pursuant to, and on the terms and conditions described in, the indenture (the “Indenture”) between the Issuing Entity and U.S. Bank National
            Association, as indenture trustee (in such capacity, the “Indenture Trustee”) and as securities intermediary (in such capacity, the “Securities Intermediary”) and to holding, managing and distributing to the holders of the Certificate (the
            “Certificateholders”) pursuant to the terms of the Sale and Servicing Agreement any portion of the Trust Estate released from the lien of the Indenture.
Whether the Issuing Entity will issue notes with an aggregate initial principal amount of $1,300,000,000, $1,600,000,000 or $1,900,000,000 is not expected to be
          known until the day of pricing.  TMCC will make the determination regarding the aggregate initial principal amount of the notes based on, among other considerations, market conditions at the time of pricing.
The Class A-2a Notes and the Class A-2b Notes are referred to in this prospectus collectively as the “Class A-2 Notes.”  The Class A-1 Notes, the Class A-2 Notes,
          the Class A‑3 Notes and the Class A‑4 Notes are referred to in this prospectus collectively as the “Class A Notes.”  The Class A Notes and the Class B Notes are referred to in this prospectus collectively as the “Notes.”  The Class B Notes and
          approximately, but not less than, 5% (by aggregate initial principal amount) of each of the Class A-2a Notes, the Class A-2b Notes, the Class A-3 Notes and the Class A-4 Notes will be retained initially by the Depositor.  Some or all, but not
          less than 5% (by aggregate initial principal amount), of the Class A-1 Notes will also be retained initially by the Depositor.
However, to the extent not necessary to satisfy Regulation RR, as described
          under “
The Sponsor, Administrator and Servicer––Credit Risk Retention
” in this prospectus, any such retained Notes may subsequently be sold directly, including through a placement agent, or through
          underwriters, in one or more negotiated transactions or otherwise at varying prices to be determined at the time of sale.
The Notes and the Certificate are collectively referred to as the “Securities” and the holders of Securities are referred to as “Securityholders.”  Each Note will
          represent an obligation of, and each Certificate will represent an undivided ownership interest in, the Issuing Entity. Payments in respect of the Certificate will be subordinated to payments in respect of the Notes to the extent described in
          this prospectus.  The Class A Notes are the only securities being offered hereby.  The Certificate is not being offered to you in this offering.
The Issuing Entity may not issue securities other than the Notes and Certificate.  Except for the Notes, the Issuing Entity is also prohibited from borrowing money
          or making loans to any other person.
Any amendment to the Trust Agreement to amend, supplement or modify these permitted activities, or otherwise make any modification that would materially and
          adversely affect the Noteholders, would require the consent of the holders of not less than a majority of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Controlling Class (excluding for such purposes the aggregate outstanding principal amount
          of any Notes held of record or beneficially owned by TMCC, TAFR LLC or any of their affiliates).  For additional information regarding amendments to the Trust Agreement, see “
Transfer and Servicing
            Agreements—Amendment
” in this prospectus.
The Issuing Entity will be structured as a bankruptcy remote, special purpose entity.  The Issuing Entity will use the Notes and the Certificate as consideration
          for the Receivables transferred to the Issuing Entity by the Depositor pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement (the “Sale and Servicing Agreement”).  Only the Class A Notes are being offered by this prospectus.  The Depositor will deliver
          the net proceeds from the sale of the Notes to TMCC, the sponsor of this transaction (in such capacity, the “Sponsor”), as consideration for the Receivables transferred to the Depositor by TMCC, pursuant to the Receivables Purchase Agreement (the
          “Receivables Purchase Agreement”).
TMCC will be appointed to act as the servicer of the Receivables (in such capacity, the “Servicer”).  TMCC, as Servicer, will service the Receivables pursuant to
          the Sale and Servicing Agreement, and TMCC, as
50
administrator (in such capacity, the “Administrator”), will perform additional administrative services for the Issuing Entity, the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee pursuant
          to the Administration Agreement (the “Administration Agreement”).  TMCC (or any successor servicer or successor administrator) will be compensated for such services as described under “
Transfer and Servicing
            Agreements––Servicing Compensation and Payment of Expenses
” and “
––Administration Agreement
” in this prospectus.
Pursuant to agreements between TMCC and authorized Toyota and Lexus vehicle dealers or dealer groups and, to a lesser extent, other domestic and import franchise
          dealers (collectively, the “Dealers”), each Dealer will be obligated to repurchase from TMCC those contracts that do not meet certain representations and warranties made by the Dealer when sold by the Dealer.  These Dealer repurchase obligations
          are referred to in this prospectus as “Dealer Recourse.”  Although the Dealer agreements with respect to the Receivables will not be assigned to the Issuing Entity, the Sale and Servicing Agreement will require that any recovery by TMCC in
          respect of any Receivable pursuant to any Dealer Recourse be deposited in the Collection Account in satisfaction of TMCC’s repurchase obligations under the Sale and Servicing Agreement.  However, the representations and warranties of the Dealers
          in the Dealer Agreements will not be incorporated in the Transfer and Servicing Agreements and TMCC will not represent or warrant in the Transfer and Servicing Agreements that the representations and warranties of the Dealers in the Dealer
          Agreements are true and correct.  Thus, TMCC will not be obligated to repurchase any Receivables upon a breach of representation or warranty by the related Dealer.  The sales by the Dealers of installment sales contracts to TMCC do not generally
          provide for recourse against the Dealers for unpaid amounts in the event of a default by a retail purchaser of a Financed Vehicle who entered into a retail installment sales contract with a Dealer (each, an “Obligor”) under an installment sales
          contract, other than in connection with the breach of the foregoing representations and warranties.  As of December 31, 2025, there were approximately 2,100 Dealers from whom TMCC has purchased installment sales contracts.
The Notes will be secured by and payable from the property of the Issuing Entity.  The property of the Issuing Entity that secures the Notes will include the
          Receivables and certain monies due or received on such Receivables after the Cutoff Date.  The property of the Issuing Entity will also include (i) such amounts as from time to time may be held in one or more accounts established and maintained
          by the Servicer pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, as described below; (ii) security interests in the Financed Vehicles and any accessions thereto; (iii) the rights to proceeds with respect to the Receivables under physical damage,
          theft, credit life, credit disability and similar insurance policies covering the Financed Vehicles or the Obligors, as the case may be; (iv) the right to receive proceeds from any Dealer Recourse; (v) the rights of the Depositor under the
          Receivables Purchase Agreement; (vi) the right to realize upon any property (including the right to receive future proceeds of liquidation of Defaulted Receivables) that secured a Receivable and that has been acquired by the Issuing Entity; and
          (vii) any and all proceeds of the property listed in clauses (i) through (vi).
The property of the Issuing Entity is referred to herein as the “Trust Estate.”
The Reserve Account, which belongs to the Depositor, will be established with and maintained by the Securities Intermediary and pledged to the Indenture Trustee to
          secure payments on the Notes.
The Issuing Entity’s fiscal year end will occur on the 31st day of December each year.
The Issuing Entity’s principal offices are in Wilmington, Delaware, in care of Wilmington Trust, National Association, at the address described below under
“The Trustees
” in this prospectus.
For additional information regarding permissible activities of or restrictions on the Issuing Entity, you should refer to “
Description













            of the Notes—Indenture—Certain Covenants
” in this prospectus.  The Issuing Entity will initially be capitalized with the Notes, the Certificate, the yield supplement overcollateralization amount, overcollateralization and the amounts on
          deposit in the accounts of the Issuing Entity.
CAPITALIZATION OF THE ISSUING ENTITY
The property of the Issuing Entity will include a pool of retail installment sales contracts (the “Receivables”) between Dealers and the Obligors of new and used
cars, crossover utility vehicles, light-duty trucks and sport utility vehicles
(the “Financed Vehicles”) and all payments due on such Receivables on and after the close of business on February 28, 2026 (the
          “Cutoff Date”).  The Receivables were originated by Dealers in accordance with TMCC’s requirements and subsequently purchased by TMCC.  TMCC purchased the Receivables in the ordinary course of business pursuant to Dealer Agreements.  The
          Receivables evidence the indirect financing made
51
available by TMCC to the related Obligors of the Financed Vehicles.  Each Receivable creates a valid, subsisting and enforceable first priority security interest in favor of TMCC in
          the related Financed Vehicle.  On or before the date of initial issuance of the Notes (the “Closing Date”), TMCC will sell the Receivables to the Depositor pursuant to the Receivables Purchase Agreement.  The Depositor will, in turn, sell the
          Receivables to the Issuing Entity pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement.  For so long as the Notes are outstanding, neither the Depositor nor TMCC may substitute any other retail installment sales contract for any Receivable sold to the
          Issuing Entity.
If the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000, the following table illustrates the capitalization of the Issuing Entity as of the
          Closing Date, as if the issuance and sale of the Notes and the Certificate had taken place on such date:
_______________________________________________________________
If the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,600,000,000, the following table illustrates the capitalization of the Issuing Entity as of the
          Closing Date, as if the issuance and sale of the Notes and the Certificate had taken place on such date:
_______________________________________________________________
52
If the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,900,000,000, the following table illustrates the capitalization of the Issuing Entity as of the
          Closing Date, as if the issuance and sale of the Notes and the Certificate had taken place on such date:
_______________________________________________________________
THE DEPOSITOR
The Depositor was formed in the State of Delaware on December 22, 2000, as a wholly-owned, limited purpose subsidiary of TMCC. The principal executive offices of
          the Depositor are located at 6565 Headquarters Drive, W2-3D, Plano, Texas 75024-5965, Attn: President, and its telephone number is (469) 486-9020.
The Depositor was organized primarily for the purpose of acquiring installment sales contracts similar to the Receivables and associated rights from TMCC, selling
          the Receivables and installment sales contracts similar to the Receivables to issuing entities, causing the issuance of securities similar to the Notes and the Certificate and engaging in related transactions.  Initially, the Depositor will also
          own the Certificate issued by the Issuing Entity.  The Depositor’s limited liability company agreement limits its activities to the purposes indicated above and to any activities incidental to and necessary for such purposes (including repurchase
          obligations with respect to Warranty Receivables).  Other than the obligation to obtain the consent of the Certificateholder with respect to amendments to the Trust Agreement or other consent rights given to the holder of the residual interest in
          the Issuing Entity, the Depositor will have no ongoing duties with respect to the Issuing Entity.
The limited liability company agreement of the Depositor includes requirements for independent managers, extensive corporate separateness covenants and restrictions
          on its permitted corporate functions (including on its ability to borrow money or incur debts), all of which are designed to prevent the consolidation of the assets of the Depositor with those of any of TMCC, any of its affiliates or of the
          Issuing Entity in the event of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding of TMCC, such other affiliated entity or the Issuing Entity.
THE SPONSOR, ADMINISTRATOR AND SERVICER
TMCC was incorporated in California in 1982 and commenced operations in 1983.  The address of TMCC’s principal executive offices is 6565 Headquarters Drive, Plano,
          Texas 75024-5965.  TMCC is wholly-owned by Toyota Financial Services International Corporation, a California corporation (“TFSIC”), which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Toyota Financial Services Corporation, a Japanese corporation (“TFSC”). 
          TFSC, in turn, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Toyota Motor Corporation (“TMC”), a Japanese corporation.  TFSC manages TMC’s worldwide financial services operations.  TMCC is marketed under the brands of Toyota Financial Services, Lexus Financial
          Services, Mazda Financial Services (“MFS”) and Bass Pro Shops Financial Services.
TMCC provides a variety of finance and voluntary vehicle and payment protection products and services to Dealers and their customers in the United States of
          America (the “U.S.A.”) and Puerto Rico.  The Dealers will originate, and TMCC will purchase, the Receivables in the ordinary course of business pursuant to dealer agreements (the “Dealer Agreements”).  TMCC’s products and services fall primarily
          into the following categories:
53
TMCC’s field operations consist of three regional experience centers (each an “Experience Center” and together, the “Experience Centers”) located
          in Chandler, Arizona (serving the West region), Plano, Texas (serving the Central region) and Alpharetta, Georgia (serving the East region).  Each respective Experience Center maintains dealer service functions and customer service functions.
The dealer service functions in the regional Experience Centers acquire retail and lease contracts from dealers, and market TMCC’s voluntary
          protection products to dealers.  The dealer lending function is centralized at the Central Region Experience Center and supports the dealers by providing wholesale financing and other dealer financing activities such as business acquisitions,
          facilities refurbishment, real estate purchases, and working capital requirements.
The customer service functions in the regional experience centers support customer account servicing functions such as collections, lease
          terminations, and administration of both retail and lease contract customer accounts.  The Central Region Experience Center also supports voluntary protection operations by providing contract and claims administrative services.
TMCC continues to evaluate the private label financial services business, including partnering with or transitioning the business to its affiliates. In fiscal
          year 2025, as it was deemed to be in the best interests of TMCC and its sole shareholder, TFSIC, the Board of Directors of TMCC, approved the transition of the origination and financing of new automotive finance and lease contracts under the MFS
          Agreement to Toyota Financial Savings Bank (“TFSB”), a Nevada thrift company owned by TFSIC and an unconsolidated affiliate of TMCC (the “MFS Transition”).  The MFS Transition commenced and was substantially completed during the fourth quarter of
          fiscal year 2025.  No existing TMCC private label assets or liabilities will be transitioned to or acquired by TFSB and no significant costs were incurred in connection with the MFS Transition. In connection with the MFS Transition, TMCC has
          entered into certain servicing agreements with TFSB to service the retail and lease contracts originated under the MFS Agreement by TFSB.  TMCC will continue to offer voluntary protection products to MFS customers.
In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, in furtherance of its private label financial services initiative for third party automotive and mobility companies, TMCC
          began to provide private label financial services to Great American Outdoors Group LLC, the parent company of Bass Pro Shops, Cabela’s and the White River Marine Group (“Bass Pro Shops”) for Bass Pro Shops’ boats, all-terrain vehicle products,
          and other mobility products.  Pursuant to the agreement with Bass Pro Shops, TMCC currently provides inventory financing, as well as consumer financing and voluntary protection products and services in certain stores for Bass Pro Shops, its
          affiliates, and authorized independent dealers.  TMCC is leveraging its existing processes and personnel to originate and service the new assets, and TMCC has made certain technology investments to support the Bass Pro Shops program.
Credit Risk Retention
The risk retention regulations in Regulation RR of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), require the Sponsor, either directly or
          through its majority-owned affiliates, to retain an economic interest in the credit risk of the Receivables (the “U.S. Retained Interest”) until the latest of two years from the Closing Date, the date the Pool Balance is one-third or less of the
          initial Pool Balance, or the date the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Notes is one-third or less of the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes.
54
The retention of at least 5% of each class of Notes and the Certificate by the Sponsor or a majority-owned affiliate of the Sponsor satisfies the requirements for an “eligible
          vertical interest” under Regulation RR.
The Class B Notes, the Certificate and approximately, but not less than, 5% (by aggregate initial principal amount) of each of the Class A-2a Notes, the Class A-2b
          Notes, the Class A-3 Notes and the Class A-4 Notes will be retained initially by the Depositor.  Some or all, but not less than 5% (by aggregate initial principal amount), of the Class A-1 Notes will also be retained initially by the Depositor. 
          However, any such Notes retained by the Depositor in excess of 5% of the aggregate initial principal amount of such class will not constitute a part of the U.S. Retained Interest.
The Depositor is a wholly-owned affiliate of TMCC and it will initially retain the U.S. Retained Interest.  The Sponsor will agree that it will not, and will cause
          the Depositor and each affiliate of the Sponsor not to, sell, transfer, finance or hedge the U.S. Retained Interest, except to the extent permitted by Regulation RR.
The material terms of the Notes are described in “
Description of the Notes
” and “
Payments
            to Noteholders
,” including under
“—Priority of Payments
,” “—
Payments After Occurrence of Event of Default Resulting in Acceleration
” and
“— Credit and Cash Flow Enhancement
.”  The Certificate represents the equity or residual interest in the Issuing Entity and the right to receive amounts that remain after the Issuing Entity makes full payment
          of interest on and principal of the Notes payable on a given Payment Date, required deposits to the Reserve Account on that Payment Date and other required payments.
Underwriting of Motor
            Vehicle Retail Installment Sales Contracts
TMCC purchases retail installment sales contracts secured by new or used cars, crossover utility vehicles, light-duty trucks and sport utility vehicles from Dealers
          located throughout the U.S.A. and Puerto Rico.  Dealers originate these Receivables in accordance with TMCC’s requirements as specified in existing agreements between TMCC and the Dealers.  The Receivables are purchased in accordance with TMCC’s
          underwriting guidelines.
TMCC matches interest rates with customer risk as defined by credit bureau scores and other factors for a range of price and risk combinations.  Rates vary based on
          customer credit experience, contract term, loan-to-value and collateral, including whether a new or used vehicle is financed.  In addition, special rates may apply as a result of promotional activities or exceptions granted by TMCC on a
          case-by-case basis, in each case in accordance with TMCC’s underwriting guidelines.  TMCC reviews and adjusts interest rates based on competitive and economic factors and distributes the rates to Dealers.
Dealers transmit customer credit applications electronically through TMCC’s online system for credit acquisition.  The customer may submit a credit application
          directly to TMCC’s website, in which case, the credit application is sent to the Dealer of the customer’s choice and is considered by TMCC for preapproval.  Upon receipt of the credit application, TMCC’s loan origination system automatically
          requests a credit bureau report from one of the major credit bureaus.  TMCC uses a proprietary credit scoring system to evaluate an applicant’s risk profile.  Factors used by the credit scoring system (based on the applicant’s credit history)
          include the contract term, ability to pay, amount financed relative to the value of the vehicle to be financed and credit bureau attributes, such as payment history, number of trade lines, utilization ratio, and number of credit inquiries.
Applications received from Dealers include the applicant’s name, address, residential status, source and amount of monthly income and amount of monthly rent or
          mortgage payment.  Applications received from consumers also include the applicant’s name, address, residential status, source and amount of monthly income and amount of monthly rent or mortgage payment.  TMCC calculates the payment-to-income
          ratio for an applicant by dividing the related monthly payment by the gross monthly income and other monthly income of the applicant and any co-applicant as submitted to TMCC in the related credit application.  In limited cases, the submitted
          income amount may be adjusted through TMCC’s income verification process.
TMCC’s loan origination system first reviews the application for compliance with key TMCC credit policies (such as OFAC, social security, fraud, identity theft and
          address discrepancies).  It then aggregates and sends the application’s credit profile characteristics (full credit history information) and deal structure information (payment-to-income ratios, loan-to-value ratio, contract term and new versus
          used status), along with the VantageScore
®
, to a decision engine where an internal (TMCC) credit score is computed for the application.
Credit applications are subject to systematic evaluation.  TMCC’s loan origination system evaluates each application to determine if it qualifies for automatic
          approval or decline without manual intervention (“auto-
55
decisioning”) using specific requirements, including internal credit score and other application characteristics.  Typically, the highest quality credit applications are approved
          automatically and the lowest quality credit applications are automatically declined.
Credit analysts (working in TMCC’s field operations) approve or decline all credit applications that are not auto-decisioned and may also approve an application
          that has been the subject of an automated decline.  Failure to be automatically approved through auto-decisioning does not mean that an application does not meet TMCC’s underwriting guidelines.  A credit analyst decisions applications based on an
          evaluation that considers an applicant’s creditworthiness and projected ability to meet the monthly payment obligation, which is derived, among other things, from the amount financed and the contract term. A credit analyst will verify information
          contained in the credit application if the application presents an elevated level of credit risk.  TMCC’s proprietary scoring system assists the credit analyst in the credit review process.
The system calculates and assigns a payment probability and a credit grade.  To calculate the payment probability, key data from credit bureaus are combined with
          data from customer applications, including ratios such as vehicle payment-to-income and loan-to-value.  These and other factors are weighted by a statistically validated credit scoring process to produce the payment probability and credit grade. 
          The credit analyst’s final credit decision is made based upon the degree of credit risk perceived by the credit analyst after assessing the strengths and weaknesses of the application.
Credit analysts are assigned approval levels for maximum amount financed, maximum percentage advanced, payment-to-income ratio, and maximum term.  Senior personnel
          with appropriate approval authority may approve applications that have not been approved by a credit analyst or were not originally approved by a credit analyst.  Purchasing standards are not strict limits or requirements and may be overridden
          for a number of compensating reasons determined in the judgment of the analyst or more senior personnel with appropriate approval authority evaluating the application, including, but not limited to, demonstrated ability to pay, strong credit
          history, and prior favorable TMCC financing experience with the applicant.  Applications approved by senior personnel with appropriate approval authority are made in accordance with TMCC’s underwriting guidelines.
When a customer application for credit is approved, the Dealer is required to submit specific contract documentation in accordance with TMCC procedures.  When a
          customer application is denied, or is the subject of a counteroffer, by TMCC, an Equal Credit Opportunity Act adverse action notice is sent to the customer specifying the reasons for such denial or counteroffer.
TMCC regularly reviews and analyzes its portfolio of Receivables to evaluate the effectiveness of its underwriting guidelines and purchasing criteria.  If external
          economic factors, credit losses or delinquency experience, market conditions or other factors change, TMCC may adjust its underwriting guidelines and purchasing criteria in order to change the asset quality of its portfolio or to achieve other
          goals and objectives.
TMCC’s retail installment sales contracts require Obligors to possess physical damage insurance and to provide evidence of such insurance upon TMCC’s request.  The
          terms of each Receivable allow, but do not require, TMCC to obtain any such coverage on behalf of the Obligor.  In accordance with its normal servicing procedures, TMCC currently does not obtain insurance coverage on behalf of the Obligor.
Electronic Contracts and
            Electronic Contracting
Beginning in 2011, TMCC began to engage a number of Dealers in the United States in electronic contracting, under which the related contracts are evidenced by an
          electronic record and are electronically signed by the related Obligors (the “Original Electronic Contracts”).  TMCC has contracted with a third-party to facilitate the process of creating and storing Original Electronic Contracts.  The
          third-party’s technology system permits transmission, storage, access and administration of Original Electronic Contracts and is comprised of proprietary and third-party software, hardware, network communications equipment, lines and services,
          computer servers, data centers, support and maintenance services, security devices and other related technology materials that enable electronic contracting in the automobile retail industry.  Through use of the third-party’s system, a Dealer
          originates electronic retail installment sales contracts and then transfers these electronic contracts to TMCC.
For Receivables that are not originated electronically, TMCC typically acquires possession, directly or through a third-party, of retail installment sales
          contracts assigned by Dealers to TMCC, and causes such retail installment sales contracts to be converted into electronic form, and TMCC maintains control of the electronic
56
copies (“Converted Electronic Contracts”) through TMCC’s technology system that permits storage, access and administration of these Converted Electronic Contracts.
Both TMCC’s system for Converted Electronic Contracts and the third-party system for Original Electronic Contracts use a combination of technological and
          administrative features that are designed to (i) designate a single copy of the record or records comprising an electronic contract as being the single authoritative copy of the Receivable, (ii) manage access to and the expression of the
          authoritative copy, (iii) identify TMCC as the owner of record of the authoritative copy and (iv) in the case of Original Electronic Contracts, provide a means for transferring record ownership of, and the exclusive right of access to, the
          authoritative copy from the current owner of record to a successor owner of record.
Servicing of Motor
            Vehicle Retail Installment Sales Contracts
TMCC is the Servicer of the Receivables.  TMCC manages third-party vendor relationships responsible for the bankruptcy administration and post-charge-off recovery
          and liquidation activities, certain administrative activities, customer service activities, and pre-charge-off collections with support from the Experience Centers.  TMCC considers an Obligor to be delinquent if less than 90% of a regularly
          scheduled payment is received by the due date specified in the related retail installment sales contract.  TMCC uses an online collection and auto dialer system that prioritizes collection efforts and signals TMCC collections personnel to make
          contact with delinquent Obligors.  In the event of a default by an Obligor under a retail installment sales contract, some jurisdictions require that the Obligor be notified of the default and be given a time period within which to cure the
          default prior to repossession.  TMCC engages a third-party vendor to mail the majority of such cure notices to customers at 45 days delinquent.  In certain limited circumstances, the required cure notices are sent directly to the customers by the
          Experience Centers.
TMCC also uses a behavioral-based collection strategy to minimize risk of loss and employs various collection methods based on behavioral scoring models (which
          analyze borrowers’ payment performance, vehicle valuation and credit bureau scores to predict future payment behavior).  In accordance with its Customary Servicing Practices, TMCC may offer to Obligors with temporary financial hardships due date
          changes, extensions and payment deferrals over the course of the contract.  Extensions and deferral approvals are based on specific business rules for each account.
TMCC generally determines whether to commence repossession efforts after a Receivable is approximately 85 days delinquent.  Repossessed vehicles are held for sale
          to comply with statutory requirements and then sold at private auctions, unless public auctions are required by state law.  Any unpaid amounts remaining after the repossessed vehicle is sold, or after taking the full balance charge‑off, are
          pursued by TMCC to the extent practical and legally permissible.  For additional information, you should refer to “
Certain Legal Aspects of the Receivables—Deficiency Judgments and Excess Proceeds
” in this
          prospectus.  Any surplus amounts remaining, after recovery fees, disposition costs, and other expenses have been paid and after any reserve charge-backs, dealer guarantees and optional product refunds have been credited to the customer’s account,
          are refunded to the customers.  Refunds of surplus amounts are administered by the Experience Centers.  Collections of post-sale deficiencies and full-balance charge-offs are handled by third-party vendors and the Experience Centers.  TMCC’s
          policy is to charge‑off a finance contract in its servicing system as soon as disposition of the vehicle has been completed, sales proceeds have been received, and optional product refunds have been applied, when applicable.  However, TMCC may in
          some circumstances charge-off a finance contract prior to repossession.  In the case of uncollectible accounts, charge-off of a finance contract will occur prior to and without repossession.  When repossession and disposition of the collateral
          has not been completed, TMCC’s policy is to charge‑off the account as soon as TMCC determines that the vehicle cannot be recovered, but not later than when the account is 120 days delinquent. However, the Experience Centers will continue to
          collect or pursue recovery of the vehicle until the related contract is up to 190 days delinquent.
As described in the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Servicer is generally obligated to manage, service, administer and make collections on the Receivables with
          reasonable care, using the same degree of skill and attention that the Servicer exercises with respect to comparable automotive receivables that it services for itself or others (“Customary Servicing Practices”).  As part of its Customary
          Servicing Practices, the Servicer may implement new programs, whether on an intermediate, pilot or permanent basis, or on a regional or nationwide basis, or modify its standards, policies and procedures as long as, in each case, the Servicer
          implements such programs or modifies its standards, policies and procedures in respect of comparable assets it services for itself in
57
the ordinary course of business.  For example, the Servicer from time to time grants deferrals, extensions and other administrative relief to customers living in areas affected by
          natural disasters.
An extension is the process of moving one or more scheduled payments to the end of the receivable’s term (thereby extending the maturity date of the related
          contract).  Consistent with its Customary Servicing Practices, the Servicer does not consider an extended Receivable to be delinquent in respect of any scheduled payments that would otherwise have been due during the related extension period.
As also described in the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Servicer may, in accordance with its Customary Servicing Practices, waive any late payment charge or any
          other fees or charges that may be collected in the ordinary course of servicing the Receivables.  In addition, to the extent provided in the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Servicer will also be authorized to offer and grant extensions, rebates
          or adjustments on a Receivable in accordance with its Customary Servicing Practices, without the prior consent of the Owner Trustee, Indenture Trustee or any registered holder of the Securities, subject to the terms described under “
Transfer and Servicing Agreements—Servicing Procedures
” in this prospectus.
TMCC, in its capacity as Servicer, began servicing operations in 1983.  In addition to servicing retail installment sales contracts similar to the Receivables, TMCC
          also services vehicle leases, dealer loans and other products and services.
TMCC has been engaged in purchasing finance contracts from authorized Toyota dealers in the U.S. since 1983, and has seen its managed portfolio of retail
          installment sales contracts grow to approximately $76.4 billion as of December 31, 2025.
The tables below under “
Delinquencies, Repossessions and Net Losses
” in this prospectus show TMCC’s servicing experience
          for its entire portfolio of retail installment sales contracts on automobiles, including contracts sold in securitizations, that TMCC continues to service, as further described under “
Delinquencies, Repossessions
            and Net Losses
” in this prospectus.
The Servicer is permitted to appoint a sub-servicer or engage a third-party to perform all or a portion of its servicing obligations at the Servicer’s expense.  For
          example, TMCC has contracted with third parties to retrieve titles with respect to the Receivables, make collections calls on TMCC’s behalf and perform certain vehicle repossession functions.  Such an appointment does not relieve the Servicer of
          its obligations or liability for servicing and administering the Receivables in accordance with the provisions of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.
The Servicer has a contract modification program pursuant to which the Servicer may enter into an amendment to the loan contract with an Obligor whose Receivable
          relates to a new or used vehicle that meets certain criteria, in order to extend the term of such Receivable, thereby increasing the number of Scheduled Payments remaining on such Receivable, and re-amortize the loan to reduce monthly payments. 
          Such extensions are generally only available to Obligors if a default, breach, violation, delinquency or event permitting acceleration under the terms of such Receivable has occurred or, in the judgment of the Servicer, is imminent.  The maximum
          term of such an amendment is 12 months added to the original term to maturity of the related contract regardless of whether prior deferments were granted.  However, a Receivable will not be amended if the original contract term is greater than 72
          months.  In addition, if any amendment under this contract modification program has the effect of extending the maturity of the related Receivable beyond the end of the Collection Period preceding the Class B Final Scheduled Payment Date, the
          Servicer will be obligated to purchase such Receivable, as described under “
Transfer and Servicing Agreements—Servicing Procedures
” in this prospectus.
Securitization Experience
TMCC utilizes the asset-backed securities markets as a complement to its core unsecured funding programs, to secure an alternate source of liquidity, and to gain
          access to a unique investor base. TMCC currently maintains a shelf registration statement on Form SF-3 (the “Registration Statement”), with the Depositor listed as the registrant, with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) relating
          to the issuance of securities secured by retail installment sales contracts.
TMCC indirectly originates all Receivables in each asset pool to be securitized in the ordinary course of its business.  For additional information regarding the
          selection criteria used in selecting the asset pool to be securitized, you should refer to “
The Receivables
” in this prospectus.  TMCC engages one of the underwriters to assist in structuring the
          transaction based on the forecasted cash flows of the pool and to determine class sizes and average lives based on current market conditions.
58
Since it began sponsoring securitization trusts in 1993, TMCC, in its capacity as Sponsor, has sponsored 78 securitization trusts
          backed by retail installment sales contracts which have issued approximately $105.7 billion of registered securities and approximately $11.6 billion of unregistered securities to date, none of which have defaulted, experienced any events of
          default or failed to pay principal in full at maturity.
In addition to securitizing retail installment sales contracts similar to the Receivables, since 1993, TMCC has sponsored other securitization entities backed by
          pools of automobile leases which have issued more than $3.0 billion of registered securities and approximately $12.8 billion of unregistered securities to date, none of which have defaulted, experienced any trigger, events of default or failed to
          pay principal in full at maturity.
THE TRUSTEES
Wilmington Trust, National Association (“WTNA”), also referred to herein as the Owner Trustee, is a national banking association with trust powers incorporated
          under the federal laws of the United States.  The Owner Trustee’s principal place of business is located at 1100 North Market Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19890.  WTNA is an affiliate of Wilmington Trust Company and both WTNA and Wilmington Trust
          Company are subsidiaries of M&T Bank Corporation. Since 1998, Wilmington Trust Company has served as trustee in numerous asset-backed securities transactions.
On February 3, 2026, certain investors served WTNA with a civil complaint, filed in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of New York, for an
          unspecified amount of damages arising from alleged breaches of contract and duties related to WTNA’s roles as custodian and indenture trustee for certain Tricolor Holdings, LLC asset-backed securitization transactions. The plaintiffs generally
          assert causes of action related to WTNA’s purported failure to comply with certain provisions related to waterfall payments, servicing transition costs and post-event of default duties and related to WTNA’s purported failure to perform certain
          actions as custodian with respect to the related receivables. WTNA intends to vigorously defend itself against this legal action. WTNA is subject to various other legal proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of business.
          WTNA does not believe that the ultimate resolution of any of these proceedings will have a materially adverse effect on its services as Owner Trustee.
WTNA has provided the above information and has not participated in the preparation of, and is not responsible for, any other information contained in this
          prospectus.
The following eleven paragraphs are disclosures received from U.S. Bank National Association (“U.S. Bank N.A.”), a national banking association, which will act as
          Indenture Trustee, registrar and paying agent (in such capacity, the “Paying Agent”) under the Indenture.
U.S. Bank N.A. has made a strategic decision to reposition its corporate trust business by transferring substantially all of its corporate trust business to its
          affiliate, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (“U.S. Bank Trust Co.”), a non-depository trust company (U.S. Bank N.A. and U.S. Bank Trust Co. are collectively referred to herein as “U.S. Bank”).  Notwithstanding such transfer, U.S.
          Bank N.A. will administer the transaction documents for this transaction from the same location and using the same systems and employees as it has for prior transactions of the Depositor. The Indenture Trustee will maintain the accounts of the
          issuing entity in the name of the Indenture Trustee at U.S. Bank N.A.
U.S. Bancorp, with total assets exceeding $692 billion as of December 31, 2025, is the parent company of U.S. Bank N.A., the fifth largest commercial bank in the
          United States.  As of December 31, 2025, U.S. Bancorp operated over 2,000 branch offices in 26 states. A network of specialized U.S. Bancorp offices across the nation provides a comprehensive line of banking, brokerage, insurance, investment,
          mortgage, trust and payment services products to consumers, businesses, and institutions.
U.S. Bank has one of the largest corporate trust businesses in the country with office locations in 44 domestic and 3 international cities.  The Indenture will be
          administered from U.S. Bank’s corporate trust office located at 190 South LaSalle Street, 7th Floor, Chicago, Illinois 60603.
U.S. Bank has provided corporate trust services since 1924.  As of December 31, 2025, U.S. Bank was acting as trustee with respect to over 158,000 issuances of
          securities with an aggregate outstanding principal balance of over $6.8 trillion.  This portfolio includes corporate and municipal bonds, mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities and collateralized debt obligations.
59
The Indenture Trustee shall make each monthly statement available to the Noteholders via the Indenture Trustee’s internet website at https://pivot.usbank.com. 
          Noteholders with questions may direct them to the Indenture Trustee’s bondholder services group at (800) 934-6802.
As of December 31, 2025, U.S. Bank (and its affiliate U.S. Bank Trust National Association) was acting as indenture trustee, note registrar and paying agent on 216
          issuances of automobile receivables-backed securities with an outstanding aggregate principal balance of approximately $93,518,300,000.00.
U.S. Bank N.A. and other large financial institutions have been sued in their capacity as trustee or successor trustee for certain residential mortgage-backed
          securities (“RMBS”) trusts.  The complaints, primarily filed by investors or investor groups against U.S. Bank N.A. and similar institutions, allege the trustees caused losses to investors as a result of alleged failures by the sponsors, mortgage
          loan sellers and servicers to comply with the governing agreements for these RMBS trusts.  Plaintiffs generally assert causes of action based upon the trustees’ purported failures to enforce repurchase obligations of mortgage loan sellers for
          alleged breaches of representations and warranties, notify securityholders of purported events of default allegedly caused by breaches of servicing standards by mortgage loan servicers and abide by a heightened standard of care following alleged
          events of default.
U.S. Bank N.A. denies liability and believes that it has performed its obligations under the RMBS trusts in good faith, that its actions were not the cause of
          losses to investors, that it has meritorious defenses, and it has contested and intends to continue contesting the plaintiffs’ claims vigorously.  However, U.S. Bank N.A. cannot assure you as to the outcome of any of the litigation, or the
          possible impact of these litigations on the trustee or the RMBS trusts.
On March 9, 2018, a law firm purporting to represent fifteen Delaware statutory trusts (the “DSTs”) that issued securities backed by student loans (the “Student
          Loans”) filed a lawsuit in the Delaware Court of Chancery against U.S. Bank N.A. in its capacities as indenture trustee and successor special servicer, and three other institutions in their respective transaction capacities, with respect to the
          DSTs and the Student Loans.  This lawsuit is captioned
The National Collegiate Student Loan Master Trust I, et al. v. U.S. Bank National Association, et al., C.A. No. 2018-0167-JRS (Del. Ch.)
(the “NCMSLT
          Action”).  The complaint, as amended on June 15, 2018, alleged that the DSTs have been harmed as a result of purported misconduct or omissions by the defendants concerning administration of the trusts and special servicing of the Student Loans. 
          Since the filing of the NCMSLT Action, certain Student Loan borrowers have made assertions against U.S. Bank N.A. concerning special servicing that appear to be based on certain allegations made on behalf of the DSTs in the NCMSLT Action.
U.S. Bank N.A. has filed a motion seeking dismissal of the operative complaint in its entirety with prejudice pursuant to Chancery Court Rules 12(b)(1) and
          12(b)(6) or, in the alternative, a stay of the case while other prior filed disputes involving the DSTs and the Student Loans are litigated.  On November 7, 2018, the Court ruled that the case should be stayed in its entirety pending resolution
          of the first-filed cases.  On January 21, 2020, the Court entered an order consolidating for pretrial purposes the NCMSLT Action and three other lawsuits pending in the Delaware Court of Chancery concerning the DSTs and the Student Loans, which
          remains pending.
U.S. Bank N.A. denies liability in the NCMSLT Action and believes it has performed its obligations as indenture trustee and special servicer in good faith and in
          compliance in all material respects with the terms of the agreements governing the DSTs and that it has meritorious defenses.  It has contested and intends to continue contesting the plaintiffs’ claims vigorously.
The Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee and any of their respective affiliates may hold the Notes in their own names or as pledgees.  For the purpose of meeting
          the legal requirements of certain jurisdictions or in other circumstances set forth in the Trust Agreement, the Administrator and the Owner Trustee acting jointly (or in some instances, the Owner Trustee acting alone) and the Indenture Trustee
          will have the power to appoint co-trustees or separate trustees of all or any part of the Issuing Entity.  In the event of such an appointment, all rights, powers, duties and obligations conferred or imposed upon the Owner Trustee or the
          Indenture Trustee, as applicable, will be conferred or imposed upon the Owner Trustee or the Indenture Trustee, as applicable, and each such separate trustee or co-trustee jointly, or, in any jurisdiction in which the Owner Trustee or the
          Indenture Trustee, as applicable, will be incompetent or unqualified to perform certain acts, singly upon such separate trustee or co-trustee who will exercise and perform such rights, powers, duties and obligations solely at the direction of the
          Owner Trustee or the Indenture Trustee, as applicable.
60
The Owner Trustee’s or the Indenture Trustee’s liability in connection with the issuance and the sale of the Securities is limited solely to the express
          obligations described in the Trust Agreement, the Sale and Servicing Agreement or the Indenture, as applicable.  The Owner Trustee may resign at any time by giving written notice thereof to the Depositor, the Servicer and the Indenture Trustee,
          and the Indenture Trustee may resign at any time by providing written notice of its resignation to the Issuing Entity.  If the Owner Trustee or Indenture Trustee resigns, the Servicer or the Administrator, respectively, will be obligated to
          appoint a successor thereto.  The Administrator may also remove the Owner Trustee or the Indenture Trustee if either (i) ceases to be eligible to continue as such under the Trust Agreement or the Indenture, as the case may be, (ii) becomes
          legally unable to act, (iii) is adjudged bankrupt or insolvent or (iv) a receiver or other public officer takes charge of the Owner Trustee or the Indenture Trustee, as applicable, or their respective property.  In such circumstances, the
          Servicer or the Administrator, as applicable, will be obligated to promptly appoint a successor Owner Trustee or Indenture Trustee, respectively.  Any resignation or removal of the Owner Trustee or Indenture Trustee and appointment of a successor
          thereto will not become effective until acceptance of the appointment by such successor.  If no successor Owner Trustee has been so appointed or has accepted such appointment within 30 days after the giving of such notice of resignation, the
          resigning Owner Trustee may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Owner Trustee.  If a successor Indenture Trustee does not take office within 30 days after the retiring Indenture Trustee resigns or is
          removed, the retiring Indenture Trustee, the Administrator or the holders of a majority of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Controlling Class may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor
          Indenture Trustee.
The Depositor, the Servicer and their respective affiliates may maintain normal commercial banking relations with the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee and
          their respective affiliates.  The Trust Agreement and the Indenture will provide that the Issuing Entity will pay the fees and expenses of the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee, respectively, in connection with their duties under the Trust
          Agreement and Indenture, respectively.  The Administrator will agree, in the Administration Agreement, to pay the fees and expenses of the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee, to the extent such amounts are not paid by the Issuing Entity in
          accordance with the terms of the Sale and Servicing Agreement or the Indenture.  The Trust Agreement will further provide that the Owner Trustee will be entitled to indemnification by the Issuing Entity for, and will be held harmless against, any
          loss, liability or expense incurred by the Owner Trustee not resulting from its own willful misconduct, bad faith or gross negligence (other than by reason of a breach of any of its representations or warranties to be described in the Trust
          Agreement).  The Indenture will further provide that the Indenture Trustee will be entitled to indemnification by the Issuing Entity for, and will be held harmless against, any loss, liability or expense incurred in connection with the
          administration of the Issuing Entity and the performance of its duties (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and fees and expenses incurred in the enforcement of the Issuing Entity’s obligations) under the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Trust
          Agreement, the Indenture, the Receivables Purchase Agreement and the Administration Agreement (collectively, the “Transfer and Servicing Agreements”) not resulting from its own willful misconduct, bad faith or negligence.  The Indenture Trustee
          will notify the Issuing Entity and the Administrator promptly of any claim for which it may seek indemnity; provided, that, failure by the Indenture Trustee to provide such notification will not relieve the Issuing Entity or the Administrator of
          its obligations under the Indenture if no prejudice to the Issuing Entity or the Administrator will have resulted from such failure.  Neither the Issuing Entity nor the Administrator need reimburse any expense or indemnify against any loss,
          liability or expense incurred by the Indenture Trustee through the Indenture Trustee’s own willful misconduct, negligence or bad faith.
TMCC will agree to promptly pay to the Indenture Trustee and the Owner Trustee the amount of any fees, expenses and indemnification amounts not otherwise paid or
          reimbursed to it by the Issuing Entity on any Payment Date; provided that the Indenture Trustee and the Owner Trustee will be obligated to reimburse TMCC for any such amounts to the extent such Trustee subsequently receives payment or
          reimbursement in respect thereof from the Issuing Entity.
Duties of the Owner
            Trustee and Indenture Trustee
The Owner Trustee will make no representations as to the validity or sufficiency of the Trust Agreement, the Notes or the Certificate (other than the
          authentication of the Certificate) or of any Receivables or related documents and is not accountable for the use or application by the Depositor or the Servicer of any funds paid to the Depositor or the Servicer in respect of the Notes, the
          Certificate or the Receivables, or the investment of any monies by the Servicer before those monies are deposited into the Collection Account.  The Owner Trustee will not independently verify information concerning the Receivables.  The Owner
          Trustee will be required to perform only those duties specifically required of it under the Trust Agreement.  Generally, those duties will be limited to the
61
receipt of the various certificates, reports or other instruments required to be furnished to the Owner Trustee under the Trust Agreement, in which case it will only be required to
          examine them to determine whether they conform to the requirements of the Trust Agreement.  The Owner Trustee will not be charged with knowledge of a failure by the Servicer to perform its duties under the Trust Agreement or Sale and Servicing
          Agreement, or the breach of any representations made with respect to the Receivables, unless the Owner Trustee obtains actual knowledge of such failure or breach as will be specified in the Trust Agreement.
The Owner Trustee will not be required to perform any of the obligations of the Issuing Entity under the Transfer and Servicing Agreements or the Asset
          Representations Review Agreement that are required to be performed by:
In addition, the Owner Trustee will be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers vested in it by the Trust Agreement or to make any investigation
          of matters arising under the Trust Agreement or to institute, conduct or defend any litigation under the Trust Agreement or in relation thereto at the request, order or direction of any Certificateholder, unless that Certificateholder has offered
          to the Owner Trustee security or indemnity reasonably satisfactory to the Owner Trustee against the costs, expenses and liabilities that may be incurred by the Owner Trustee in connection with the exercise of those rights.
The Indenture Trustee will make no representations as to the validity or sufficiency of the Indenture, the Notes (other than the execution and authentication
          thereof) or of any Receivables or related documents, and will not be accountable for the use or application by the Sponsor or the Servicer of any funds paid to the Sponsor or the Servicer in respect of the Notes, or the Receivables, or the
          investment of any monies by the Servicer before such monies are deposited into the Collection Account.  If no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Indenture Trustee will be required to perform only those duties specifically
          required of it under the Indenture.  Generally, those duties will be limited to the receipt of the various certificates, reports or other instruments required to be furnished to the Indenture Trustee under the Indenture, in which case it will
          only be required to examine them to determine whether they conform to the requirements of the Indenture.  The Indenture Trustee will not be charged with knowledge of a failure by the Servicer to perform its duties under the Trust Agreement or
          Sale and Servicing Agreement or of TMCC to perform its duties under the Administration Agreement, unless the Indenture Trustee obtains actual knowledge of such failure as will be specified in the Indenture.
If required under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (the “TIA”), the Indenture Trustee will be required to, either, at its option, mail or otherwise make
          available (within 60 days after each December 31, beginning with December 31, 2026) to all Noteholders a brief report relating to its eligibility and qualification to continue as Indenture Trustee under the Indenture and other information
          relating to the Receivables.  For additional information regarding such reports, you should refer to “
Description of the Notes—Indenture
” in this prospectus.
The Indenture Trustee will be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers vested in it by the Indenture or the other Transfer and Servicing
          Agreements or to institute, conduct or defend any litigation under the Indenture or in relation to the Indenture or the other Transfer and Servicing Agreements at the request, order or direction of any of the Noteholders pursuant to such
          agreements, other than to fulfill the specific duties and obligations required to be performed by it in connection with (i) the asset representations review procedures described below under “
Asset Representations
            Review
” and (ii) the dispute resolution procedures described below under “
Repurchases of Receivables—Dispute Resolution
,” unless such Noteholders have offered to the Indenture Trustee security or
          indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it against the costs, expenses and liabilities that may be incurred therein or thereby.  No Noteholder will have any right under the Indenture to institute any proceeding with respect to the Indenture, except
          pursuant to the dispute resolution procedures described below under “
Repurchases of Receivables—Dispute Resolution
,” unless such holder previously has given to the Indenture Trustee written notice of the
          occurrence of an Event of Default and (i) the Event of Default arises from the Servicer’s failure to remit payments when due or (ii) the holders of the Controlling Class (excluding for such purposes the aggregate outstanding principal amount of
          any Notes held of record or beneficially owned by TMCC, TAFR LLC or any of their affiliates), evidencing not less than 25% of the voting interests of such Controlling Class, have made written
62
request upon the Indenture Trustee to institute such proceeding in its own name as the Indenture Trustee under the Indenture and have offered to the Indenture Trustee security or
          indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it and the Indenture Trustee for 30 days has neglected or refused to institute any such proceedings.  For additional information, you should refer to “
Description of the
            Notes—Indenture
” in this prospectus.  Beneficial Owners will also have the right to institute proceedings pursuant to dispute resolution procedures, as described below under “
Repurchases of
            Receivables—Dispute Resolution
.”
Neither the Indenture Trustee nor the Owner Trustee will have any obligation or responsibility to monitor or enforce the Sponsor’s compliance with any risk
          retention requirements.
FEES AND EXPENSES
The table below sets forth the fees and expenses payable on each Payment Date, unless otherwise specified in this prospectus.
ASSET REPRESENTATIONS REVIEWER
General
Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC (“Clayton”), a Delaware limited liability company, will serve as asset representations reviewer (the “Asset Representations
          Reviewer”) pursuant to the terms of an asset representations review agreement (the “Asset Representations Review Agreement”) among the Asset Representations Reviewer, the Issuing Entity, the Servicer and the Administrator.  The Asset
          Representations Reviewer is not and will not be affiliated with any of TMCC, the Depositor, the Issuing Entity, the Servicer, the Administrator, the Indenture Trustee, the Owner Trustee or any of their respective affiliates, and has not been, and
          may not be an affiliate of any person that was engaged by TMCC or any underwriter of the Notes to perform any due diligence on the Receivables prior to the Closing Date.
Clayton is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Covius Services, LLC, and with its affiliates has provided independent due diligence loan review and servicer oversight
          services since 1989.  Clayton has been engaged as the asset representations reviewer on more than 800 auto and equipment loan, lease and dealer floorplan and credit card securitization transactions since 2015.
63
Clayton and its affiliates are leading providers of targeted due diligence reviews of securitized assets and policies and procedures of originators and servicers to
          assess compliance with representations and warranties, regulatory and legal requirements, investor guidelines and settlement agreements.  Clayton and its affiliates have performed over 17 million loan reviews and provided ongoing oversight on
          over $2 trillion of securitization transactions on behalf of investors, sponsors, issuers and originators, including government sponsored enterprises and other governmental agencies.  These services have been performed primarily on residential
          mortgage loan and residential mortgage-backed security transactions, although Clayton and its affiliates have also performed these services for transactions involving auto loans, equipment leases, credit cards, commercial mortgage loans, student
          loans, timeshare loans and boat and recreational vehicle loans.
In addition to any fees payable to the Asset Representations Reviewer by the Issuing Entity, the Asset Representations Reviewer will also be entitled to
          reimbursement or payment by the Issuing Entity for all costs, expenses and indemnification amounts incurred by it in connection with the performance of its duties under the Asset Representations Review Agreement. TMCC will agree to promptly pay
          to the Asset Representations Reviewer the amount of any fees, expenses and indemnification amounts not otherwise paid or reimbursed to it by the Issuing Entity on any Payment Date pursuant to the priorities described under “
Payments to Noteholders— Priority of Payments
” in this prospectus; provided that the Asset Representations Reviewer will be obligated to reimburse TMCC for any such amounts to the extent it subsequently
          receives payment or reimbursement in respect thereof from the Issuing Entity.
Resignation and Removal
The Asset Representations Reviewer may not resign unless it determines it is legally unable to perform its obligations under the Asset Representations Review
          Agreement and there is no reasonable action that it could take to make the performance of its obligations under the Asset Representations Review Agreement permitted under applicable law.  If the Asset Representations Reviewer breaches any of its
          representations, warranties, covenants or agreements under the Asset Representations Review Agreement, becomes the subject of a bankruptcy or similar proceeding, or no longer satisfies the applicable eligibility criteria, the Issuing Entity may
          remove the Asset Representations Reviewer and terminate its obligations under the Asset Representations Review Agreement. The Issuing Entity will be obligated to engage a successor asset representations reviewer after any such resignation or
          removal.  No resignation or removal of the Asset Representations Reviewer will be effective, and the Asset Representations Reviewer will continue to perform its obligations under the Asset Representations Review Agreement, until a successor asset
          representations reviewer has accepted its engagement for such purpose.
If the Asset Representations Reviewer resigns or is removed, the Asset Representations Reviewer is obligated to pay the reasonable expenses of transitioning its
          obligations under the Asset Representations Review Agreement and preparing the successor asset representations reviewer to assume its obligations under the Asset Representations Review Agreement.  To the extent expenses incurred in connection
          with the replacement of the Asset Representations Reviewer are not paid by the Asset Representations Reviewer that is being replaced, the Issuing Entity will be responsible for the payment of such expenses.  Any resignation, removal, replacement
          or substitution of the Asset Representations Reviewer, or the appointment of a new asset representations reviewer, will be reported by the Administrator in the Form 10-D related to the Collection Period in which such change occurs, together with
          a description of the circumstances surrounding the change and, if applicable, information regarding the new asset representations reviewer.
Indemnity and Liability
The Asset Representations Reviewer will not be liable to any person or entity for any action taken, or not taken, in good faith under the Asset Representations
          Review Agreement or for errors in judgment.  However, the Asset Representations Reviewer will be liable for its willful misconduct, bad faith or negligence in performing its obligations under the Asset Representations Review Agreement.  The Asset
          Representations Reviewer and its officers, directors, employees and agents will be indemnified by the Issuing Entity for all costs, expenses, losses, damages and liabilities resulting from the performance of its obligations under the Asset
          Representations Review Agreement (including the fees and expenses of defending itself against any loss, damage or liability), but excluding any cost, expense, loss, damage or liability resulting from (i) the Asset Representations Reviewer’s
          willful misconduct, bad faith or negligence or (ii) the Asset Representations Reviewer’s breach of any of its representations or warranties in the Asset Representations Review Agreement.  The Asset Representations Reviewer will indemnify each of
          the Issuing Entity, the Servicer, the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents for all fees, expenses, losses, damages and liabilities resulting from (a) the willful
64
misconduct, bad faith or negligence of the Asset Representations Reviewer in performing its obligations under the Asset Representations Review Agreement or (b) the Asset
          Representations Reviewer’s breach of any of its representations or warranties in the Asset Representations Review Agreement (including the reasonable attorneys’ fees and fees and expenses incurred in the enforcement of the Asset Representation
          Reviewer’s obligations).
AFFILIATIONS AND CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS
The Issuing Entity, the Depositor and Toyota Financial Services Securities USA Corporation (“TFSS USA”) are affiliates of TMCC (which is the Sponsor, the Servicer
          and the Administrator).  There is not currently, and there was not during the past two years, any material business relationship, agreement, arrangement, transaction or understanding that is or was entered into outside the ordinary course of
          business or is or was on terms other than would be obtained in an arm’s length transaction with an unrelated third-party, among any of the Depositor, the Issuing Entity, TFSS USA and the Sponsor.  As of the date of this prospectus, the Indenture
          Trustee is an affiliate of U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc., one of the Underwriters.
None of the Depositor, Sponsor, the Issuing Entity or any of their affiliates have, within the past two years, entered into any business relationship, agreement,
          arrangement, transaction or understanding with any of the Underwriters, Indenture Trustee, Owner Trustee or the Asset Representations Reviewer that would be material to an investor’s understanding of the Notes and that is outside the ordinary
          course of business or is on terms other than would be obtained in an arm’s length transaction with an unrelated third-party.
THE RECEIVABLES
The Receivables will be purchased by the Issuing Entity as of the Cutoff Date.  The Receivables will have been originated by Dealers in accordance with TMCC’s
          requirements and subsequently purchased by TMCC.  The Receivables evidence the indirect financing made available by TMCC to the related Obligors in connection with the purchase by such Obligors of the Financed Vehicles.  On or before the Closing
          Date, TMCC will sell the Receivables to the Depositor pursuant to the Receivables Purchase Agreement.  The Depositor will, in turn, sell the Receivables to the Issuing Entity pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement.  During the term of the
          Sale and Servicing Agreement, neither the Depositor nor TMCC may substitute any other retail installment sales contract for any Receivable sold to the Issuing Entity.
The Receivables were purchased by TMCC from Dealers in the ordinary course of business pursuant to Dealer Agreements.  TMCC purchases Receivables originated in
          accordance with its credit standards which are based upon the vehicle buyer’s ability and willingness to repay the obligation as well as the value of the vehicle being financed, as described under “
The Sponsor,
            Administrator and Servicer—Underwriting of Motor Vehicle Retail Installment Sales Contracts
” in this prospectus.
The Receivables were selected from TMCC’s portfolio of car, crossover utility vehicle, light-duty truck and sport utility vehicle retail installment sales
          contracts that met several criteria.  These criteria require that each Receivable satisfies the criteria below.  No selection procedures believed by the Depositor to be adverse to the Noteholders will be used in selecting the Receivables.
Each Receivable will provide for the allocation of payments according to the simple interest method (“Simple Interest Receivables”).  Payments on Simple Interest
          Receivables will be applied first to interest accrued through the date immediately preceding the date of payment and then to unpaid principal.  Accordingly, if an Obligor pays an installment before its due date, the portion of the payment
          allocable to interest for the Interest Period will be less than if the payment had been made on the due date, the portion of the payment applied to reduce the Principal Balance will be correspondingly greater, and the Principal Balance will be
          amortized more rapidly than scheduled.  Conversely, if an Obligor pays an installment after its due date, the portion of the payment allocable to interest for the Interest Period will be greater than if the payment had been made on the due date,
          the portion of the payment applied to reduce the Principal Balance will be correspondingly less, and the Principal Balance will be amortized more slowly than scheduled, in which case a larger portion of the Principal Balance may be due on the
          final payment date for the related Receivable.  No adjustment to the scheduled monthly payments is made in the event of early or late payments, although in the case of late payments the Obligor may be subject to a late charge.
The statistical information concerning the Receivables presented throughout this prospectus is based on the Receivables as of the Cutoff Date.  If the aggregate
          initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000, as of the Cutoff Date, the Receivables had an aggregate Principal Balance of $1,369,227,358.77.  If the aggregate initial
65
principal amount of the Notes is $1,600,000,000, as of the Cutoff Date, the Receivables had an aggregate Principal Balance of $1,684,883,407.84.  If the aggregate initial principal
          amount of the Notes is $1,900,000,000, as of the Cutoff Date, the Receivables had an aggregate Principal Balance of $2,000,550,710.04.
TMCC and the Depositor will represent and warrant that the Receivables satisfy certain representations and warranties, as described below under “
Repurchases of Receivables.
”  In addition, the Receivables were selected by TMCC from its portfolio of car, crossover utility vehicle, light-duty truck and sport utility vehicle retail installment sales
          contracts using certain selection criteria.  Pursuant to such selection criteria, as of the Cutoff Date and as of the Closing Date
(unless one specific date is otherwise stated below)
, each Receivable:
No selection procedures believed by TMCC to be adverse to Noteholders have been used in selecting the Receivables from qualifying retail installment sales
          contracts owned by TMCC. Except as described in the first bullet-point above, the Receivables were not selected on the basis of their APRs.
If the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000, then 44,482 Receivables, having an aggregate Principal Balance of approximately
          $1,345,918,466.73 (representing approximately 98.30% of the aggregate Principal Balance of the Receivables as of the Cutoff Date) are evidenced by electronic contracts.  If the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,600,000,000,
          then 54,757 Receivables, having an aggregate Principal Balance of approximately $1,656,344,735.68 (representing approximately 98.31% of the aggregate Principal Balance of the Receivables as of the Cutoff Date) are evidenced by electronic
          contracts.  If the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,900,000,000, then 65,118 Receivables, having an aggregate Principal Balance of approximately $1,966,896,867.39 (representing approximately 98.32% of the aggregate Principal
          Balance of the Receivables as of the Cutoff Date) are evidenced by electronic contracts.
Based on the mailing addresses of the Obligors, the Receivables have been originated in 49 States and the District of Columbia.  Except in the case of any breach
          of representations and warranties by the related Dealer, the Receivables generally do not provide for recourse against the originating Dealer.  The composition, and the distributions by APR, geographic distribution, remaining Principal Balance,
          original number of Scheduled Payments, remaining number of Scheduled Payments and FICO
®
score of the Receivables as of the Cutoff Date are as
          described in the following tables for (i) the Receivables if the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000, (ii) the Receivables if the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,600,000,000 and (iii) the
          Receivables if the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,900,000,000.  The characteristics in the following tables related to the term of the Receivables and the vehicle type may not match the asset-level data included as an
          exhibit to Form ABS-EE as the result of differences between the methods of calculating the term of the Receivables for the purpose of presenting statistical information concerning the Receivables in this prospectus and for the purpose of
          presenting asset-level data in Form ABS-EE.
66
Composition of the Receivables as of the Cutoff Date
(if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000)
_______________________________________________________________
If the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000, the following are additional characteristics of the Receivables as of
            the Cutoff Date, in each case as a percentage of the aggregate Principal Balance of the Receivables as of the Cutoff Date:
_______________________________________________________________
67
Composition of the Receivables as of the Cutoff Date
(if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,600,000,000)
_______________________________________________________________
If the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,600,000,000, the following are additional characteristics of the Receivables as of
            the Cutoff Date, in each case as a percentage of the aggregate Principal Balance of the Receivables as of the Cutoff Date:
_______________________________________________________________
68
Composition of the Receivables as of the Cutoff Date
(if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,900,000,000)
_______________________________________________________________
If the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,900,000,000, the following are additional characteristics of the Receivables as of
            the Cutoff Date, in each case as a percentage of the aggregate Principal Balance of the Receivables as of the Cutoff Date:
_______________________________________________________________
69
Distribution of the Receivables as of the Cutoff Date by APR
(if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000)
________________________________________________________________
Distribution of the Receivables as of the Cutoff Date by APR
(if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,600,000,000)
________________________________________________________________
70
Distribution of the Receivables as of the Cutoff Date by APR
(if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,900,000,000)
________________________________________________________________
71
Distribution of the Receivables as of the Cutoff Date by Geographic Distribution
(if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000)
(1)
______________________________________________________________
72
Distribution of the Receivables as of the Cutoff Date by Geographic Distribution
(if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,600,000,000)
(1)
________________________________________________________________
73
Distribution of the Receivables as of the Cutoff Date by Geographic Distribution
(if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,900,000,000)
(1)
________________________________________________________________
74
Distribution of the Receivables as of the Cutoff Date by Remaining Principal Balance
(if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000)
________________________________________________________________
Distribution of the Receivables as of the Cutoff Date by Remaining Principal Balance
(if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,600,000,000)
________________________________________________________________
75
Distribution of the Receivables as of the Cutoff Date by Remaining Principal Balance
(if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,900,000,000)
________________________________________________________________
Distribution of the Receivables as of the Cutoff Date by Original Number of Scheduled Payments
(if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000)
________________________________________________________________
76
Distribution of the Receivables as of the Cutoff Date by Original Number of Scheduled Payments
(if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,600,000,000)
________________________________________________________________
Distribution of the Receivables as of the Cutoff Date by Original Number of Scheduled Payments
(if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,900,000,000)
________________________________________________________________
*
Represents a number greater than 0.000% but less than 0.005%.
Distribution of the Receivables as of the Cutoff Date by Remaining Number of Scheduled Payments
(if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000)
________________________________________________________________
77
Distribution of the Receivables as of the Cutoff Date by Remaining Number of Scheduled Payments
(if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,600,000,000)
________________________________________________________________
Distribution of the Receivables as of the Cutoff Date by Remaining Number of Scheduled Payments
(if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,900,000,000)
________________________________________________________________
Distribution of the Receivables as of the Cutoff Date by FICO
®
Score Range
(1)
(if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000)
________________________________________________________________
78
Distribution of the Receivables as of the Cutoff Date by FICO
®
Score Range
(1)
(if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,600,000,000)
________________________________________________________________
Distribution of the Receivables as of the Cutoff Date by FICO
®
Score Range
(1)
(if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,900,000,000)
________________________________________________________________
Asset-Level Data for the Receivables
The Depositor prepared asset-level data for the Receivables and filed it with the SEC prior to the filing of this prospectus on exhibits to Form ABS-EE (such
            asset-level data, the “Initial Asset-Level Data”).  The Initial Asset-Level Data is incorporated by reference into this prospectus.  The Initial Asset-Level Data contains detailed information concerning each Receivable, including data regarding
            its origination characteristics, contract terms, characteristics of the related Financed Vehicle and Obligor, contract and payment activity, servicing activity and status.  Investors should carefully review the Initial Asset-Level Data.
The Servicer will also prepare asset-level data with respect to the Receivables for each Collection Period and file it with the SEC on exhibits to Form ABS-EE at
            or before the time of filing the related Form 10-D. The exhibits to each Form ABS-EE filed by or on behalf of the Issuing Entity after the filing of this prospectus will be incorporated by reference into the related Form 10-D.
POOL UNDERWRITING
As described in “
The Sponsor, Administrator and Servicer—Underwriting of Motor Vehicle Retail Installment Sales Contracts
”
            in this prospectus, under TMCC’s origination process, credit applications are evaluated when received and are either automatically approved, automatically declined or forwarded for review by a TMCC credit analyst with appropriate approval
            authority.  The credit analyst decisions applications based on an evaluation that considers an applicant’s creditworthiness and may consider an applicant’s projected ability to meet the monthly obligation, which is derived from the amount
            financed, the term, and the assigned contractual interest rate.  If the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000, then 29,843 Receivables, having an aggregate Principal Balance of approximately $855,097,821.19
            (representing approximately 62.45% of the aggregate Principal
79
Balance of the Receivables as of the Cutoff Date) were automatically approved, while 15,480 Receivables, having an aggregate Principal Balance of approximately $514,129,537.58
          (representing approximately 37.55% of the aggregate Principal Balance of the Receivables as of the Cutoff Date) were evaluated and approved by a TMCC credit analyst with appropriate authority in accordance with TMCC’s written underwriting
          guidelines.  If the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,600,000,000, then 36,735 Receivables, having an aggregate Principal Balance of approximately $1,054,423,015.48 (representing approximately 62.58% of the aggregate Principal
          Balance of the Receivables as of the Cutoff Date) were automatically approved, while 19,058 Receivables, having an aggregate Principal Balance of approximately $630,460,392.36 (representing approximately 37.42% of the aggregate Principal Balance
          of the Receivables as of the Cutoff Date) were evaluated and approved by a TMCC credit analyst with appropriate authority in accordance with TMCC’s written underwriting guidelines.  If the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is
          $1,900,000,000, then 43,666 Receivables, having an aggregate Principal Balance of approximately $1,251,814,206.82 (representing approximately 62.57% of the aggregate Principal Balance of the Receivables as of the Cutoff Date) were automatically
          approved, while 22,687 Receivables, having an aggregate Principal Balance of approximately $748,736,503.22 (representing approximately 37.43% of the aggregate Principal Balance of the Receivables as of the Cutoff Date) were evaluated and approved
          by a TMCC credit analyst with appropriate authority in accordance with TMCC’s written underwriting guidelines.  TMCC determined that whether a Receivable was accepted automatically by TMCC’s electronic credit decision system or was accepted
          following review by a TMCC credit analyst was not indicative of the related Receivable’s quality.
REVIEW OF POOL ASSETS
In connection with the offering of the Notes, the Depositor has performed a review of the
          Receivables and the disclosures regarding the Receivables included in this prospectus, including the Initial Asset-Level Data (such disclosures, collectively, the “Rule 193 Information”).  This review was designed and effected to provide the
          Depositor with reasonable assurance that the Rule 193 Information is accurate in all material respects.  The Depositor consulted with, and was assisted by, responsible personnel of TMCC in performing the review.  This review consisted of a review
          of TMCC underwriting guidelines and the eligibility and characteristics of the Receivables, as well as a review of the disclosure describing such underwriting guidelines, and the eligibility and characteristics of the Receivables in this
          prospectus.  Certain of the information included in the Initial Asset-Level Data was also reviewed for consistency with the descriptions of the Receivables in this prospectus.
As part of the review of the Receivables, TMCC and the Depositor identified the Rule 193 Information to be covered by the review and identified the review
          procedures for each portion of such Rule 193 Information.  Descriptions in this prospectus under “
The Sponsor, Administrator and Servicer—Underwriting of Motor Vehicle Retail Installment Sales Contracts
”
          consisting of factual information regarding TMCC underwriting guidelines were reviewed and approved by TMCC management to ensure the accuracy of such descriptions.  Additionally, members of TMCC’s Treasury group consulted with internal counsel,
          as well as external counsel, with respect to the descriptions of the legal and regulatory provisions that may materially and adversely affect the performance of the Receivables or payments on the Notes.
TMCC selected a random sample of 150 receivables (the “Sample”) from a pool of 69,594 receivables (the “Sample Pool”) owned by TMCC as of February 28, 2026 that
          satisfied, on its system, the selection criteria set forth in the sixth paragraph under “
The Receivables
” above.  If the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000, if the aggregate
          initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,600,000,000 or if the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,900,000,000, out of the Sample, all of the receivables included in the Sample Pool are included in the related pool of
          Receivables described in this prospectus.  The characteristics of the Receivables do not differ materially from the characteristics of the receivables in the Sample Pool. TMCC also tested the accuracy of the data contained in TMCC’s data tape.
          The data tape is an electronic record maintained by TMCC, which includes certain attributes of the Receivables and the receivables in the Sample Pool.  TMCC reviewed the receivable files for the Sample to confirm that the following 19 data points
          conformed to the applicable information on the data tape, within certain tolerance bands: account number, contract date, original principal balance, interest rate as of February 28, 2026, monthly payment amount, original first payment date,
          maturity date at origination, vehicle identification number, vehicle make, vehicle model, vehicle model year, state of origination, new or used, original term, FICO® score, co-obligor status, delinquency status, repossession/bankruptcy status,
          and lienholder or assignee of security interest notation on title-related documentation.
No variances between the data points reviewed and the data tape were found.  TMCC also compared the statistical information
          contained in the tables entitled “
Composition of the Receivables as of the Cutoff Date (if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000)
”, “
Composition











            of the Receivables as of the Cutoff Date (if the Aggregate Initial
80
Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,600,000,000)
” and “
Composition of the Receivables as of the Cutoff Date
            (if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,900,000,000)
” under “
The Receivables
” above to data contained in, or derived from, the data tape.  Specifically, statistical
          information relating to the Receivables was recalculated using the applicable information on the data tape.
In addition to this review, the Depositor’s review of the Receivables and the Rule 193 Information, including the Initial Asset-Level Data, is further supported by
          TMCC compliance procedures used in the day-to-day operation of its business.  These procedures include financial reporting controls required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, regular internal audits of key business functions, including credit
          decisioning, servicing and systems processing, testing controls to verify compliance with procedures and quality assurance reviews for credit decisions and securitization processes.  In addition, TMCC has a network of computer applications which
          capture and maintain information about the Receivables.  These computer systems are subject to change control processes, automated controls testing and control review programs to determine whether systems controls are operating effectively.
Portions of the review of the characteristics of, and statistical information with respect to, the Sample and the Receivables, were performed with the assistance of
          third parties engaged by TMCC.  TMCC and the Depositor determined the nature, extent and timing of the review and the sufficiency of the assistance provided by the third parties for purposes of its review.  The Depositor had ultimate authority
          and control over, and assumes all responsibility for, the review and the findings and conclusions of the review.  The Depositor attributes all finding and conclusions of the review to itself.
After undertaking the review described above, the Depositor has found and concluded that it has reasonable assurance that the Rule 193 Information, including the
          Initial Asset-Level Data, is accurate in all material respects.
DELINQUENCIES, REPOSSESSIONS AND NET LOSSES
Described below is information concerning TMCC’s experience with respect to its portfolio of new and used car, crossover utility vehicle, light-duty truck and sport
          utility vehicle retail installment sales contracts which it has funded and is servicing, including contracts that have been securitized.
The data presented in the following tables are for illustrative purposes only.  There is no assurance that TMCC’s delinquency, credit loss and repossession
          experience with respect to car, crossover utility vehicle, light-duty truck and sport utility vehicle retail installment sales contracts in the future, or the experience of the Issuing Entity with respect to the Receivables, will be similar to
          that described below.
Delinquency and credit losses are significantly influenced by the combined impact of a number of factors, including, but not limited to, general economic conditions
          (including unemployment rates, fuel and energy prices and interest rates), consumer debt levels, the used vehicle market, purchase quality mix, contract term length, unenforceable or defeated security interests and operational changes affecting
          TMCC, which have the potential to adversely affect delinquencies and credit losses by disrupting TMCC’s normal operations during the operational change process. During the third quarter of fiscal year 2026 ending December 31, 2025, the United
          States economy continued to be impacted by uncertainties related to inflationary pressures and high interest rates.
While the economic conditions, including consumer price increases and high interest rates, have
          negatively impacted some consumers ability to make scheduled payments, which has resulted in an increase in consumer charge-offs, TMCC has recently seen an improvement in consumer delinquencies.
The following tables show TMCC’s servicing experience for its entire portfolio of retail installment sales contracts on automobiles, including contracts sold in
          securitizations that TMCC continues to service.  The percentages in the tables below have not been adjusted to eliminate the effect of the growth of TMCC’s portfolio.  Accordingly, the delinquency, repossession and net loss percentages would be
          expected to be higher than those shown for any group of Receivables that are isolated for any period or periods of time and the delinquency, repossession and net loss data measured the activity only for that isolated group over the periods
          indicated, as will be the case for the Receivables.  If the credit losses on the Receivables included in the Issuing Entity are greater than the historical credit loss experience listed below, the yield to holders of the Notes could be adversely
          affected.  See also “
Risk Factors—Risks Primarily Related to the Nature of the Notes and the Structure of the Transaction—Prepayments on receivables may cause prepayments on the notes, resulting in reduced
            returns on your investment and reinvestment risk to you
” in this prospectus.
81
Managed Portfolio
Historical Delinquency Experience
(1)
___________________
82
Managed Portfolio
Net Loss and Repossession Experience
(1)
(Dollars In Thousands)
___________________
83
ASSET REPRESENTATIONS REVIEW
The Asset Representations Reviewer will perform a review of certain Receivables for compliance with representations and warranties made by TMCC and the Depositor
          about the Receivables in the applicable Transfer and Servicing Agreements (an “Asset Representations Review”) if:
A “Delinquency Trigger” will occur if the aggregate Principal Balance of 60-Day Delinquent Receivables as a percentage of the aggregate Principal Balance of
          Receivables as of the end of a Collection Period exceeds the Delinquency Trigger Percentage for that Collection Period set by TMCC as described below.
A “60-Day Delinquent Receivable” is, for any date of determination, a Receivable for which payment of at least 90% of the regularly scheduled payment has not been
          received by the Servicer in respect of the due date occurring on or immediately preceding the sixtieth (60
th
) day prior to such date of determination, as specified
          in the related retail installment sales contract.  Charged off Receivables are not considered delinquent Receivables and therefore are not included in the Delinquency Trigger calculation.  TMCC does not treat a charged off Receivable as a
          delinquent Receivable because the related vehicle is no longer in the possession of the related Obligor and any loss would have been realized.
Upon the occurrence of a Delinquency Trigger, the Servicer will promptly send a notice to the Administrator, the Indenture Trustee, each Noteholder and clearing
          agency (which notice will be forwarded to the related Beneficial Owner), which notice will describe the occurrence of the Delinquency Trigger and the rights of the Noteholders regarding an Asset Representations Review (including a description of
          the method by which Noteholders and Beneficial Owners may contact the Indenture Trustee in order to request a formal Noteholder vote).  The Administrator will also include such descriptions in the Issuing Entity’s Form 10-D filing for the
          Collection Period in which the Delinquency Trigger occurs.
If Noteholders and Verified Beneficial Owners (as defined below) holding at least 5% of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Notes, other than Notes
          held by the Sponsor, the Servicer, or any affiliate of either, request a formal Noteholder vote by contacting the Indenture Trustee within 90 days of the date of the Form 10-D in which the occurrence of a Delinquency Trigger has been reported,
          then the Administrator will include in the Issuing Entity’s Form 10-D filing for the Collection Period in which such request occurred a statement that sufficient Noteholders and Verified Beneficial Owners are requesting a full vote of Noteholders
          to commence an Asset Representations Review.  If the requesting party is a record Noteholder, no further verification of ownership will be required.  If the requesting party is a Beneficial Owner, then the Beneficial Owner must include with its
          request to the Indenture Trustee a written certification that it is a Beneficial Owner, together with one of the following additional forms of documentation of the requesting party’s status as a Beneficial Owner:
Any Beneficial Owner who provides the required certification and documentation is referred to herein as a (“Verified Beneficial Owner”). While Verified Beneficial Owners may request a
          formal Noteholder vote without acting through their respective DTC participants, in a formal Noteholder vote, Beneficial Owners may vote only through their respective DTC Participants.  For more information on the policies and procedures
          applicable to book-entry Notes, refer to “
Description of the Notes—Book-Entry Registration
” in this prospectus.
The related Form 10-D filing will specify the means by which Noteholders and Beneficial Owners may make their votes known to the Indenture Trustee and will also
          specify the voting deadline (not earlier than 150 days from the date of the Form 10-D filing that first reported the occurrence of the Delinquency Trigger) that will be used to calculate whether the requisite amount of Noteholders have cast
          affirmative votes to direct the Indenture Trustee to notify the Asset Representations Reviewer to commence an Asset Representations Review.  If, by that voting
84
deadline, (i) votes have been cast by Noteholders holding at least 5% of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Notes (excluding, for the purpose of each such calculation
          of the requisite percentage of Noteholders, any Notes held by the Sponsor, the Servicer or any affiliate of either) and (ii) affirmative votes in favor of an Asset Representations Review have been cast by Noteholders representing at least a
          majority of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Notes held by voting Noteholders, then the Indenture Trustee will send a notice to the Asset Representations Reviewer, the Administrator and the Servicer informing them that the
          requisite Noteholders have directed the Asset Representations Reviewer to perform a review of all Receivables that are 60 days or more delinquent (the “ARR Receivables”) for the purpose of determining whether such Receivables were in compliance
          with the representations and warranties made by TMCC and the Depositor about the Receivables in the applicable Transfer and Servicing Agreements.  The Form 10-D filing for the Collection Period in which the Indenture Trustee sent the foregoing
          notice to the Asset Representations Reviewer will specify that the requisite Noteholders have directed an Asset Representations Review.
However, if by the voting deadline date set forth in the related Form 10-D, (i) votes were not cast by Noteholders holding at least 5% of the aggregate outstanding
          principal amount of the Notes (excluding, for the purpose of each such calculation of the requisite percentage of Noteholders, any Notes held by the Sponsor, the Servicer or any affiliate of either) or (ii) affirmative votes have not been cast by
          Noteholders representing at least a majority of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Notes held by voting Noteholders, then no Asset Representations Review will occur for that occurrence of the Delinquency Trigger.
Within 60 days of the delivery of notice by the Indenture Trustee to the Asset Representations Reviewer, the Administrator and the Servicer that the Asset
          Representations Reviewer is to proceed with an Asset Representations Review, the Servicer will give the Asset Representations Reviewer access to the information necessary for it to perform a review of the ARR Receivables, as described below.  The
          Asset Representations Reviewer will be obligated to complete its review within 60 days after receiving access to such information, provided that such deadline will be extended for an additional 30 days in respect of any ARR Receivable in respect
          of which additional information was required by the Asset Representations Reviewer for the purpose of completing the related review.  The review procedures for each ARR Receivable will consist of tests designed to determine whether such ARR
          Receivable was or was not in compliance with the representations and warranties made regarding such ARR Receivable in the applicable Transfer and Servicing Agreements.  The Asset Representations Reviewer will determine whether each such test was
          passed or failed; however, the Asset Representations Reviewer will have no obligation to determine whether a Delinquency Trigger has occurred or whether the required percentage of Noteholders has voted to direct a review, to determine which
          Receivables are to be the subject of a review, to obtain or confirm the validity of the information to be reviewed, to obtain missing or insufficient review information, or to take any action or cause any other party to take any action to enforce
          any remedies for breaches of representations or warranties.  The Asset Representations Reviewer will only be required to perform the specific tests enumerated in the Asset Representations Review Agreement, and will not be obligated to perform
          additional procedures on any ARR Receivable other than as specified therein.  However, the Asset Representations Reviewer may, in its discretion, perform other tests that it deems reasonable and appropriate in determining whether the ARR
          Receivables were in compliance with the representations and warranties made by TMCC and the Depositor about the Receivables in the Transfer and Servicing Agreements as of the Cutoff Date, and may provide additional information about any ARR
          Receivable that it determines in good faith to be material to the related review.  If the Servicer notifies the Asset Representations Reviewer that an ARR Receivable was paid in full or repurchased from the pool before a review report is
          delivered, the Asset Representations Reviewer will terminate the tests of that ARR Receivable and the review of that ARR Receivable will be considered complete.
The Sale and Servicing Agreement will provide that the Servicer will render reasonable assistance, including granting access to copies of any underlying documents
          and Receivable files, to the Asset Representations Reviewer to facilitate the performance of a review of all ARR Receivables in order to verify compliance with the representations and warranties made to the Issuing Entity by TMCC and the
          Depositor.  The Servicer will provide the Asset Representations Reviewer with access to the related Receivables and all other relevant documents related to each ARR Receivable.  The Servicer may redact these materials to remove any personally
          identifiable customer information, but will use commercially reasonable efforts not to change the meaning of these materials or their usefulness to the Asset Representations Reviewer in connection with its review.
The Asset Representations Reviewer will report its findings and conclusions to the Issuing Entity, the Servicer, the Administrator, the Indenture Trustee, TMCC and
          the Depositor after completion of the Asset Representations Review, but in any event, no later than five days after completion of the Asset Representations Review.  The ultimate determination as to whether the compliance or non-compliance of any
          representation
85
constitutes a breach of the applicable agreement will not be made by the Asset Representations Reviewer, but by TMCC and the Depositor, as described below. The related Form 10-D filed
          for the Issuing Entity will include a summary of the Asset Representations Reviewer’s report, so that Noteholders and Beneficial Owners can form their own views of whether they consider any non-compliance of any representation to be a breach of
          the applicable agreement and, if so, what actions they intend to take.  The Form 10-D will also specify the means by which Noteholders and Verified Beneficial Owners may notify the Indenture Trustee, TMCC and the Depositor in writing that they
          consider any non-compliance of any representation to be a breach of the applicable agreement, or may request in writing that a Receivable be repurchased.  If a Noteholder or a Verified Beneficial Owner notifies the Indenture Trustee in writing
          that it considers any non-compliance of any representation to be a breach of the applicable agreement, or requests in writing that a Receivable be repurchased, the Indenture Trustee will forward that written notice to TMCC and the Depositor.
Apart from the obligation of the Indenture Trustee to fulfill the specific duties and obligations required to be performed by it in connection with (i) the asset
          representations review procedures, as described herein under “
Asset Representations Review,
” and (ii) the dispute resolution procedures, as described below under “
Repurchases











            of Receivables—Dispute Resolution,
”
the Indenture Trustee will not have any obligation to pursue or otherwise be involved in resolving any repurchase request, including any such request that is
          the subject of a dispute resolution proceeding, unless it is directed to do so by Noteholders representing not less than a majority of the principal amount of the Notes of the Controlling Class then outstanding (excluding for such purposes the
          aggregate outstanding principal amount of any Notes held of record or beneficially owned by TMCC, TAFR LLC or any of their affiliates), acting together as a single class, and such Noteholders have offered to the Indenture Trustee security or
          indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it against the reasonable costs, expenses, disbursements, advances and liabilities that might be incurred by it, its agents and its counsel in compliance with such direction.
TMCC and the Depositor will evaluate any report of the Asset Representations Reviewer, and any repurchase request received from the Indenture Trustee (as described
          below under “
Repurchases of Receivables—Dispute Resolution
”), any Noteholder, any Verified Beneficial Owner or any other party to any of the transaction documents.  After receiving and reviewing a report
          of the Asset Representations Reviewer, or any such repurchase request, the Depositor will have the sole ability to determine if there was non-compliance with any representation or warranty made by it that constitutes a breach, and whether to
          repurchase the related Receivable from the Issuing Entity, and TMCC will have the sole ability to determine if there was non-compliance with any representation or warranty made by it that constitutes a breach, and whether to repurchase the
          related Receivable from the Depositor.  None of the Indenture Trustee, the Owner Trustee, the Asset Representations Reviewer, the Depositor, the Sponsor or the Servicer is otherwise obligated to monitor the Receivables or otherwise to investigate
          the accuracy of the representations and warranties with respect to the Receivables.  The transaction documents require that any breach of the representations and warranties must materially and adversely affect the Issuing Entity’s interests in a
          Receivable before TMCC or the Depositor would be required to repurchase the Receivable.
Delinquency Trigger
The “Delinquency Trigger Percentage” will equal 6.90%.
TMCC developed the Delinquency Trigger Percentage by considering the 60-Day Delinquent Receivables rate observed in each Collection Period (through and including
          the Collection Period related to the February 2026 Payment Date) of its public securitization transactions since 2010.  TMCC observed the highest monthly 60-Day Delinquent Receivables rate from these transactions and applied a multiple of 5.0x to
          the maximum 60-Day Delinquent Receivables rate and rounded to the nearest 0.05%.  This multiple corresponds generally to the multiple of expected cumulative net losses on the pool of Receivables shortly before the Notes would realize the first
          dollar loss.  By aligning this multiple with the maximum level of credit losses that the Notes can withstand without a loss, TMCC believes the Delinquency Trigger Percentage provides an appropriate early warning threshold at the point when
          Noteholders may benefit from an Asset Representations Review.
TMCC believes that the Delinquency Trigger Percentage is appropriate based on (1) its review of TMCC’s other transactions, which have not experienced significant
          historical 60-Day Delinquent Receivables, (2) the relatively stable economic period for these transactions and (3) the expectation that the 5.0x multiple would generate a Delinquency Trigger Percentage that would be met shortly before any losses
          on the Notes would occur.
For the prior pools of receivables that were securitized by TMCC included in Annex B, the 60-Day Delinquent Receivables rate has ranged from 0.04% to 1.38% (through
          and including the Collection Period related to the February 2026 Payment Date).
86
REPURCHASES OF RECEIVABLES
TMCC and the Depositor (each, a “Seller”), pursuant to the Receivables Purchase Agreement and the Sale and
          Servicing Agreement, respectively, will represent and warrant with respect to each Receivable, that as of the Cutoff Date and as of the Closing Date (or as of such other date specified below):
87
marketable title to such Receivable, free and clear of all liens and rights of others (other than pursuant to the Transfer and Servicing Agreements);
By the last day of the second month following the discovery by or notice to the Depositor of a breach of any representation or warranty of the Depositor that
          materially and adversely affects the interests of the Issuing Entity in any Receivable, without regard to any limitation set forth in such representation or warranty concerning the knowledge of the Seller as to the facts stated therein, unless
          the breach is cured in all material respects, the Depositor will repurchase such Receivable (a “Warranty Receivable”) from the Issuing Entity and, pursuant to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, TMCC will purchase such Warranty Receivable from
          the Depositor at a price equal to the unpaid Principal Balance owed by the Obligor in respect of such Receivable as of the last day of the related Collection Period, plus interest thereon at a rate equal to the related APR up to and including the
          last day of the related Collection Period (the “Warranty Purchase Payment”).  This repurchase obligation will constitute the sole remedy (other than the indemnification available to the Issuing Entity as described below) available to the
          Noteholders, the Indenture Trustee or the Issuing Entity for any such uncured breach by the Depositor.  The obligation of the Depositor to repurchase a Warranty Receivable will not be conditioned on performance by TMCC of its obligation to
          purchase such Warranty Receivable from the Depositor pursuant to the Receivables Purchase Agreement.
The transaction documents for prior pools of Receivables securitized by the Sponsor also contain covenants requiring the repurchase of Receivables for breach of a
          related representation or warranty.  TMCC, as securitizer, discloses, in a report on Form ABS-15G, all fulfilled and unfulfilled repurchase requests for securitized Receivables that were the subject of a demand to repurchase.  For the three years
          ended December 31, 2025, there was no activity to report with respect to any demand to repurchase Receivables underlying a securitization sponsored by TMCC.  TMCC (CIK Number: 0000834071) filed its most recent corresponding report on Form ABS-15G
          with the SEC on February 9, 2026.  For additional information about obtaining a copy of the report, you should refer to “
Where You Can Find More Information About Your Notes
” in this prospectus.
In the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Servicer will covenant that, except as otherwise contemplated in the Sale and Servicing Agreement, (i) it will not release
          any Financed Vehicle from the security interest granted in the related Receivable except (a) in the event of payment in full or payment in full less a deficiency which the Servicer would not attempt to collect in accordance with its Customary
          Servicing Practices by or on behalf of the Obligor thereunder, (b) in connection with repossession of such Financed Vehicle by the Servicer, (c) as may be required by an insurer in order to receive proceeds from any insurance policy covering such
          Financed Vehicle or (d) in certain other limited circumstances described in the Sale and Servicing Agreement; (ii) it will do nothing to impair the rights of the Securityholders in the Receivables and (iii) except in certain limited
          circumstances, it will not amend any Receivable such that the total number of Scheduled Payments, the Amount Financed (as defined in the Sale and Servicing Agreement) or the APR is altered or the maturity of a Receivable is extended beyond the
          Final Scheduled Maturity Date, other than as required by law or pursuant to a court order.  By the last day of the second Collection Period following the Collection Period in which the Servicer discovers or receives notice from the Owner Trustee,
          on behalf of the Issuing Entity, of a breach of any such covenant that materially and adversely affects the interest of the Issuing Entity in a Receivable, the Servicer, unless the breach is cured in all material respects and subject to limited
          exceptions, will purchase the Receivable (an “Administrative Receivable”) from the Issuing Entity at a price equal to the unpaid Principal Balance owed by the Obligor in respect of such Receivable as of the last day of the related Collection
          Period, plus interest thereon at a rate equal to the related APR up to and including the last day of the related Collection Period (the “Administrative Purchase Payment”).  This purchase obligation will constitute the sole remedy (other than the
          indemnification available to the Issuing Entity as described below) available to the Securityholders, the Issuing Entity, the Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee for any such uncured breach by the Servicer.
88
In the Receivables Purchase Agreement, TMCC will agree to indemnify the Depositor for any failure of a Receivable to have been originated in compliance with all
          applicable requirements of law.  In the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the depositor’s right to such indemnification will be assigned to the Issuing Entity.
Dispute Resolution
The Sale and Servicing Agreement provides that if the Owner Trustee or any Noteholder or Verified Beneficial Owner requests (by written notice to TMCC or the
          Depositor), that a Receivable be repurchased due to an alleged breach of a representation or warranty as described above, and the request has not been fulfilled or otherwise resolved to the reasonable satisfaction of the requesting party within
          180 days of the receipt of such request by TMCC or the Depositor (which, if sent by a Noteholder or Verified Beneficial Owner to the Indenture Trustee, will be forwarded by the Indenture Trustee to TMCC and the Depositor), then the requesting
          party has the right to refer the matter, at its discretion, to either mediation (including non-binding arbitration) or third-party binding arbitration held in New York, New York, on the following terms, or to institute a legal proceeding. 
          Dispute resolution to resolve repurchase requests will be available regardless of whether Noteholders and Verified Beneficial Owners voted to direct an Asset Representations Review or whether the Delinquency Trigger occurred.
The Depositor will direct the Indenture Trustee to, and the Indenture Trustee will, notify the requesting party of the date when the 180-day period ends without
          resolution by the appropriate party.  The requesting party will be required to provide notice of its choice to mediate, to arbitrate or to institute a legal proceeding to the appropriate party within 30 days after the delivery of such notice of
          the end of the 180-day period.  The Indenture Trustee will have no obligation whatsoever to participate in any dispute resolution, mediation or arbitration nor to determine if a repurchase request has been resolved.
JAMS, an organization providing alternative dispute resolution services, will administer any mediation (including non-binding arbitration) pursuant to its
          mediation procedures in effect on the Closing Date. The mediator will be impartial, knowledgeable about and experienced with the laws of the State of New York and an attorney specializing in commercial litigation with at least 15 years of
          experience, and will be appointed from a list of neutrals maintained by JAMS.  Upon being supplied a list of at least 10 potential mediators fitting the criteria above by JAMS, each party will have the right to exercise two peremptory challenges
          within 14 days and to rank the remaining potential mediators in order of preference.  JAMS will select the mediator from the remaining attorneys on the list, respecting the preference choices of the parties to the extent possible.  The parties
          will use commercially reasonable efforts to begin the mediation within 30 days of the selection of the mediator and to conclude the mediation within 60 days of the start of the mediation. The fees and expenses of the mediation will be allocated
          as mutually agreed by the parties as part of the mediation.
Any binding arbitration will be administered by the American Arbitration Association (the “AAA”) pursuant to its commercial arbitration rules and mediation
          procedures in effect on the Closing Date. The panel will consist of three members.  One arbitrator will be appointed by the requesting party within five business days of its notice selecting arbitration, one arbitrator will be appointed by the
          Depositor within five business days of the requesting party’s appointment, and one arbitrator (who will preside over the panel) will be chosen by the two party-appointed arbitrators within five business days of the second appointment.  If any
          party fails to appoint an arbitrator or the two party-appointed arbitrators fail to appoint the third within the required time periods, then the appointments will be made by AAA.  In each such case, each arbitrator will be impartial,
          knowledgeable about and experienced with the laws of the State of New York and an attorney specializing in commercial litigation with at least 15 years of experience.  Each arbitrator will be independent and will abide by the AAA’s code of ethics
          for arbitrators in commercial disputes in effect as of the Closing Date.  Before accepting an appointment, each arbitrator must disclose any circumstances likely to create a reasonable inference of bias or conflict of interest or likely to
          preclude completion of the hearings within the prescribed time schedule.  Any arbitrator may be removed by AAA for cause consisting of actual bias, conflict of interest or other serious potential for conflict.
After consulting with the parties, the panel will devise procedures and deadlines for the arbitration, to the extent not already agreed to by the parties, with the
          goal of expediting the proceeding and completing the arbitration within 90 days after appointment.  The arbitral panel will have the authority to schedule, hear, and determine any and all motions in accordance with New York law, and will do so on
          the motion of any party.  Unless otherwise agreed by the parties, each party to the arbitration will be presumptively limited to four party witness depositions not to exceed five hours, and one set of interrogatories, document requests and
          requests for admissions, though the panel
89
will have the ability to grant additional discovery based on a determination of good cause after a showing that additional discovery is reasonable and necessary.
The panel will make its final determination no later than 90 days after appointment.  The panel will not have the power to award punitive damages or consequential
          damages.  The panel will determine and award the costs of the arbitration and reasonable attorneys’ fees to the parties as determined by the panel in its reasonable discretion.  The determination in any binding arbitration will be final and
          non-appealable and may be enforced in any court of competent jurisdiction.  By selecting binding arbitration, the selecting party will give up the right to sue in court, including the right to a trial by jury.  No person may bring a putative or
          certified class action to arbitration.
STATIC POOLS
Attached to this prospectus as Annex B is tabular information that reflects the static pool performance data (including delinquency and cumulative net loss
          experience) of previous, recent amortizing securitizations of the Sponsor.  The static pool information is deemed to be a part of this prospectus and the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part.
The characteristics of the receivables included in the static pool information discussed above, as well as the social, economic and other conditions existing at
          the time when those receivables were originated and repaid, may vary materially from the characteristics of the Receivables and the social, economic and other conditions existing at the time when the Receivables were originated and those that
          will exist in the future when the Receivables are required to be repaid.  For additional information regarding the receivables included in the Sponsor’s previous, recent amortizing securitizations, you should refer to the summary characteristics
          for such prior securitizations that are included in Annex B.  There is no assurance that the delinquency and loss experience with respect to the Receivables will be similar to the delinquency and loss experience with respect to the receivables
          described in Annex B to this prospectus.
All references in Annex B to Toyota vehicles refer both to vehicles manufactured under the Toyota brand and to vehicles manufactured under the Scion brand prior to
          the transition from the Scion brand to the Toyota brand in August 2016.
USE OF PROCEEDS
The Depositor will use the net proceeds from the sale of the Notes to third parties to purchase the Receivables from TMCC pursuant to the Receivables Purchase
          Agreement and to make a deposit into the Reserve Account.
PREPAYMENT AND YIELD CONSIDERATIONS
For additional information regarding certain maturity and prepayment considerations with respect to the Notes, you should refer to “
Risk Factors
––
Risks Primarily Related to the Nature of the Notes and the Structure of the Transaction
––
Prepayments on receivables may cause prepayments
            on the notes, resulting in reduced returns on your investment and reinvestment risk to you
,” “
Description of the Notes––Payments of Principal
” and “
Weighted
            Average Lives of the Notes
” in this prospectus.
Because the rate of payment of principal of each class of Notes depends primarily on the rate of payment (including prepayments) of the Principal Balance of the
          Receivables, final payment of any class of Notes could occur significantly earlier or later than their respective Final Scheduled Payment Dates.  Noteholders will bear the risk of not being able to reinvest principal payments on the Notes at
          yields equal at least to the yield on their respective Notes.  Such reinvestment risk includes the risk that interest rates may be lower at the time such holders received payments from the Issuing Entity than interest rates would otherwise have
          been had such prepayments not been made or had such prepayments been made at a different time.  No prediction can be made as to the rate of prepayments on the Receivables.
Obligors with higher interest rate Receivables may prepay at a faster rate than Obligors with lower interest rate Receivables.  Higher rates of prepayments of
          Receivables with higher APRs may result in the Issuing Entity holding Receivables that will generate insufficient collections to cover delinquencies or chargeoffs on the Receivables or to make current payments of interest on or principal of the
          Notes.  Similarly, higher rates of prepayments of Receivables with higher APRs will decrease the amounts available to be deposited in the Reserve
90
Account, reducing the protection against losses and shortfalls afforded thereby to the Notes.  For additional information, you should refer to the tables entitled “
Distribution of the Receivables as of the Cutoff Date by APR (if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000)
”, “
Distribution of the Receivables as
            of the Cutoff Date by APR (if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,600,000,000)
” and “
Distribution of the Receivables as of the Cutoff Date by APR (if the Aggregate Initial Principal
            Amount of the Notes is $1,900,000,000)
” under “
The Receivables
” in this prospectus.
Prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default resulting in acceleration of the maturity of the Notes, as well as upon the occurrence and during the continuation
          of an Event of Default resulting in acceleration of the maturity of the Notes, principal payments will be made on a sequential basis, i.e., principal payments will not be made on the Class A-2a Notes or the Class A-2b Notes until the principal
          amount of the Class A-1 Notes is reduced to zero; principal payments will not be made on the Class A-3 Notes until the principal amounts of the Class A-2a Notes and the Class A-2b Notes are reduced to zero; principal payments will not be made on
          the Class A-4 Notes until the principal amount of the Class A-3 Notes is reduced to zero; and principal payments will not be made on the Class B Notes until the principal amount of the Class A-4 Notes is reduced to zero.  It is expected that
          final payment of each class of Notes will occur on or prior to their respective Final Scheduled Payment Dates.
Failure to make final payment of any class of Notes on or prior to its respective Final Scheduled Payment Dates will constitute an Event of Default under the
          Indenture, which may result in an acceleration of payments in respect of classes that have not reached their respective Final Scheduled Payment Dates.  However, as the rate of payment of principal of each class of Notes depends on the rate of
          payment (including prepayments) of the Principal Balance of the Receivables, sufficient funds may not be available to pay each class of Notes in full on or prior to its respective Final Scheduled Payment Dates.  If sufficient funds are not
          available, final payment of any class of Notes could occur later than such dates, and the holders of such Notes could suffer a loss.
The rate of prepayments of the Receivables may be influenced by a variety of economic, social and other factors, and under certain circumstances relating to
          breaches of representations, warranties or covenants, the Depositor and/or the Servicer will be obligated to repurchase Receivables from the Issuing Entity.  A higher than anticipated rate of prepayments will reduce the aggregate Principal
          Balance of the Receivables more quickly than expected and thereby reduce anticipated aggregate interest payments on the Notes.  For additional information, you should refer to “
Risk Factors
––
Risks Primarily Related to the Nature of the Notes and the Structure of the Transaction
––
Prepayments on receivables may cause prepayments on the notes, resulting in reduced
            returns on your investment and reinvestment risk to you
” in this prospectus.
The timing of changes in the SOFR Rate may affect the actual yields on the Notes even if the aggregate rate of the SOFR Rate is consistent with your expectations.
          Prospective investors must make an independent decision as to the appropriate SOFR Rate assumptions to be used in deciding whether to purchase a Note.
Noteholders should consider, in the case of Notes purchased at a discount, the risk that a slower than anticipated rate of principal payments on the Receivables
          could result in an actual yield that is less than the anticipated yield and, in the case of Notes purchased at a premium, the risk that a faster than anticipated rate of principal payments on the Receivables could result in an actual yield that
          is less than the anticipated yield.
Certain events (including some that are not within the control of the Issuing Entity) may cause an Event of Default under the Indenture.  Certain Events of Default
          under the Indenture will not result in acceleration of the Notes unless a majority of the holders of the Class A Notes, for so long as the Class A Notes are outstanding, and thereafter, the Class B Notes then outstanding (the “Controlling Class”)
          (excluding for such purposes the aggregate outstanding principal amount of any Notes held of record or beneficially owned by TMCC, TAFR LLC or any of their affiliates), voting together as a single class, instruct the Indenture Trustee to
          accelerate the Notes.  The holders of any class of Notes may not have sufficient voting interests as of any date to cause or to prevent an acceleration of the Notes.  If an Event of Default under the Indenture results in the acceleration of the
          maturity of the Notes, the Indenture Trustee may liquidate the assets of the Issuing Entity.  Liquidation would accelerate payment of all Notes that are then outstanding.  If a liquidation occurs close to the date when any class otherwise would
          have been paid in full, repayment of such class might be delayed while liquidation of the assets is occurring.  The Issuing Entity cannot predict the length of time that will be required for liquidation of the assets of the Issuing Entity to be
          completed.  Even if liquidation proceeds are sufficient to repay the Notes in full, any liquidation that causes principal of a class of Notes to be paid before the related Final Scheduled Payment Date will involve the prepayment risks described
          under “
Risk Factors
––
Risks Primarily Related to the Nature of the Notes and the Structure of the
91
Transaction
––
Prepayments on receivables may cause prepayments on the notes, resulting in reduced returns on
            your investment and reinvestment risk to you
” in this prospectus.
The proceeds of any liquidation of the assets of the Issuing Entity may be insufficient to pay in full all accrued interest on and principal of each outstanding
          class of Notes.  All outstanding Notes will be affected by any shortfall in liquidation proceeds.
WEIGHTED AVERAGE LIVES OF THE NOTES
The weighted average lives of the Notes will generally be influenced by the rate at which the Principal Balances of the Receivables are paid, which payment may be
          in the form of scheduled amortization or prepayments.  For this purpose, the term “prepayments” includes prepayments in full, partial prepayments (including those related to rebates of extended warranty contract costs and insurance premiums),
          liquidations due to default, as well as receipts of proceeds from physical damage, theft, credit life and credit disability insurance policies and repurchases or purchases by the Depositor or TMCC of certain Receivables for breaches of covenants
          by the Servicer or for breaches of representations and warranties.  The term “weighted average life” corresponds to the average amount of time during which each dollar of principal of a Receivable is outstanding.
All of the Receivables will be prepayable at any time without penalty to the Obligor.  If full or partial prepayments are received, the actual weighted average
          lives of the Receivables may be shorter than the scheduled weighted average lives of the Receivables.  The rate of prepayment of automotive receivables is influenced by a variety of economic, social and other factors, including the fact that an
          Obligor generally may not sell or transfer the Financed Vehicle securing a Receivable without the consent of the Servicer.  A prepayment may also occur if an Obligor refinances a Receivable.  Refinancings may occur more frequently in a declining
          interest rate environment.
Under certain circumstances, the Depositor or Servicer will be obligated to repurchase Warranty Receivables from the Issuing Entity.  For additional information,
          you should refer to “
Repurchases of Receivables
” and “
Transfer and Servicing Agreements—Servicing Procedures
” in this prospectus.  In addition, pursuant to
          agreements between TMCC and the Dealers, each Dealer is obligated to repurchase from TMCC contracts that do not meet certain representations and warranties made by such Dealer (such Dealer repurchase obligations are referred to in this prospectus
          as “Dealer Recourse”).  For additional information, you should refer to “
The Issuing Entity
” in this prospectus.  Such representations and warranties relate primarily to the origination of the contracts
          and the perfection of the security interests in the related Financed Vehicles, and do not relate to the creditworthiness of the related Obligors or the collectability of such contracts.  Although the Dealer Agreements with respect to the
          Receivables will not be assigned to the Issuing Entity, TMCC’s interest in any Dealer Recourse will be assigned, and the Sale and Servicing Agreement will require that TMCC deposits any recovery in respect of any Receivable pursuant to any Dealer
          Recourse in the Collection Account.  The sales by the Dealers of installment sales contracts to TMCC do not generally provide for recourse against the Dealers for unpaid amounts in the event of a default by an Obligor under such retail
          installment sales contract, other than in connection with the breach of the foregoing representations and warranties.  For additional information, you should refer to “
Transfer and Servicing Agreements—Sale and
            Assignment of Receivables
” and “
—Servicing Procedures
” in this prospectus.
The effective yield on, and average lives of, the Notes will depend on, among other things, the amount of payments (including prepayments) on or in respect of the Receivables and the
          rate at which such payments are made to such Noteholders. The timing of changes in the rate of payments in respect of the Receivables may also significantly affect an investor’s actual yield to maturity and the average lives of the Notes. A
          substantial increase in the rate of payments on or in respect of the Receivables (including
liquidation or other disposition of Financed Vehicles
) may shorten the final maturities of, and may significantly
          affect the yields on, the Notes.
An investor’s expected yield will be affected by:
These factors do not operate independently, but are interrelated. For example, if prepayments on the related Receivables are slower than anticipated, an investor’s
          yield may be lower if interest rates are higher than anticipated
92
and higher if interest rates are lower than anticipated. Conversely, if prepayments on the related Receivables are faster than anticipated, an investor’s yield may be higher if
          interest rates are higher than anticipated and lower if interest rates are lower than anticipated.
Early redemption of the Notes will occur if the Servicer, or any successor to the Servicer, exercises its option to purchase all of the Receivables remaining in the
          Issuing Entity on any Payment Date on or after the Payment Date when the Pool Balance is equal to or less than 5% of the Pool Balance as of the Cutoff Date.  For additional information, you should refer to “
Transfer











            and Servicing Agreements—Termination
” in this prospectus.  Certain Events of Default could result in liquidation of the assets of the Issuing Entity and acceleration of the Notes.  For additional information, you should refer to “
Description of the Notes—Indenture—Events of Default; Rights upon Event of Default
” in this prospectus.
Any reinvestment risk resulting from the rate of prepayments of the Receivables and the payment of such prepayments to Noteholders will be borne entirely by the
          Noteholders.
In light of the above considerations, there can be no assurance as to the amount of principal payments to be made on the Notes on each Payment Date, since the
          amount will depend, in part, on the amount of principal collected on the Receivables during the applicable Collection Period.  No prediction can be made as to the actual prepayment experience on the Receivables, and any reinvestment risks
          resulting from a faster or slower incidence of prepayment of Receivables will be borne entirely by the Noteholders.
Prepayments on automotive Receivables can be measured relative to a prepayment standard or model.  The model used in this prospectus, the Absolute Prepayment Model
          (“ABS”), represents an assumed rate of prepayment each month relative to the original number of Receivables in a pool of Receivables.  ABS further assumes that all the Receivables in such a pool are the same size and amortize at the same rate and
          that each such Receivable will, in each month of its life, either be paid as scheduled or be prepaid in full.  For example, in a pool of Receivables originally containing 10,000 Receivables, a 1% ABS rate means that 100 Receivables prepay in full
          each month.  ABS does not purport to be a historical description of prepayment experience or a prediction of the anticipated rate of prepayment of any pool of Receivables, including the Receivables to be sold to the Issuing Entity on the Closing
          Date.
As the rate of payment of principal of each class of Notes will depend on the rate of payment (including prepayments) of the Principal Balance of the Receivables,
          final payment of any class of Notes could occur significantly earlier than the Final Scheduled Payment Date for such class.  Reinvestment risk associated with early payment of the Notes of any class will be borne exclusively by the holders of
          such Notes.
The timing of changes in the SOFR Rate may affect the actual yields on the Notes even if the aggregate rate of the SOFR Rate is consistent with your expectations.
          Prospective investors must make an independent decision as to the appropriate SOFR Rate assumptions to be used in deciding whether to purchase a Note.
The tables captioned “
Percent of Initial Note Principal Amount at Various ABS Percentages (if the Aggregate Initial Principal
            Amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000)
”, “
Percent of Initial Note Principal Amount at Various ABS Percentages (if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,600,000,000)
” and “
Percent of Initial Note Principal Amount at Various ABS Percentages (if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,900,000,000)
” (collectively, the “ABS Tables”) in this prospectus have been
          prepared on the basis of the characteristics of the Receivables. Each absolute prepayment model table assumes that:
93
The Yield Supplement Overcollateralization Amount schedules described below are utilized solely to calculate the weighted average lives and percentages of initial
          outstanding principal amounts at various absolute prepayment model percentages in the tables below.  The actual Yield Supplement Overcollateralization Amount will be calculated for each Payment Date and may differ depending on the Receivables and
          the actual prepayments and losses on those Receivables with an APR less than the Required Rate.  For purposes of the Yield Supplement Overcollateralization Amount schedules described below, the “Required Rate” is assumed to be 7.70%.
94
If the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000, the following Yield Supplement Overcollateralization Amount schedule is applicable:
95
If the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,600,000,000, the following Yield Supplement Overcollateralization Amount schedule is applicable:
96
If the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,900,000,000, the following Yield Supplement Overcollateralization Amount schedule is applicable:
For purposes of these absolute prepayment model tables, the Receivables have an assumed cutoff date of the close of business on February 28,
          2026. Each absolute prepayment model table indicates the projected weighted average life of each class of Notes and sets forth the percent of the aggregate initial principal amount of each class of Notes that is projected to be outstanding after
          each of the Payment Dates, shown at various constant absolute prepayment model percentages.
The ABS Tables also assume that the Receivables have been aggregated into 12 hypothetical pools with all of the Receivables within each such pool having the
          following characteristics and that the level scheduled monthly payment for each of the pools (which is based on its aggregate Principal Balance, weighted average APR, weighted average original number of scheduled payments and weighted average
          remaining number of scheduled payments as of the assumed cutoff date) will be such that each pool will be fully amortized by the end of its remaining term to maturity.
97
If the aggregate initial principal amount of Notes issued is $1,300,000,000, the 12 hypothetical pools have the following characteristics:
If the aggregate initial principal amount of Notes issued is $1,600,000,000, the 12 hypothetical pools have the following characteristics:
98
If the aggregate initial principal amount of Notes issued is $1,900,000,000, the 12 hypothetical pools have the following characteristics:
The actual characteristics and performance of the Receivables will differ from the assumptions used in constructing the ABS Tables.  The
          assumptions used are hypothetical and have been provided only to give a general sense of how the principal cash flows might behave under varying prepayment scenarios.  For example, it is very unlikely that the Receivables will prepay at a
          constant level of ABS until maturity or that all of the Receivables will prepay at the same level of ABS.  Moreover, the diverse terms of Receivables within each of the hypothetical pools could produce slower or faster principal distributions
          than indicated in the ABS Tables at the various constant percentages of ABS specified, even if the original and remaining terms to maturity of the Receivables are as assumed. Any difference between such assumptions and the actual characteristics
          and performance of the Receivables, or actual prepayment experience, will affect the percentages of initial amounts outstanding over time and the weighted average lives of each class of Notes.
99
Percent of Initial Note Principal Amount at Various ABS Percentages
(if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000)
(1)
____________________
Percent of Initial Note Principal Amount at Various ABS Percentages
(if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,600,000,000)
(1)
____________________
100
Percent of Initial Note Principal Amount at Various ABS Percentages
(if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,900,000,000)
(1)
____________________
101
Percent of Initial Note Principal Amount at Various ABS Percentages
(if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000)
(1)
____________________
102
Percent of Initial Note Principal Amount at Various ABS Percentages
(if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,600,000,000)
(1)
____________________
103
Percent of Initial Note Principal Amount at Various ABS Percentages
(if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,900,000,000)
(1)
____________________
104
Percent of Initial Note Principal Amount at Various ABS Percentages
(if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000)
(1)
____________________
105
Percent of Initial Note Principal Amount at Various ABS Percentages
(if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,600,000,000)
(1)
____________________
106
Percent of Initial Note Principal Amount at Various ABS Percentages
(if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,900,000,000)
(1)
____________________
107
Percent of Initial Note Principal Amount at Various ABS Percentages
(if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000)
(1)
____________________
108
Percent of Initial Note Principal Amount at Various ABS Percentages
(if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,600,000,000)
(1)
____________________
109
Percent of Initial Note Principal Amount at Various ABS Percentages
(if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,900,000,000)
(1)
____________________
110
Percent of Initial Note Principal Amount at Various ABS Percentages
(if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000)
(1)
____________________
111
Percent of Initial Note Principal Amount at Various ABS Percentages
(if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,600,000,000)
(1)
____________________
112
Percent of Initial Note Principal Amount at Various ABS Percentages
(if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,900,000,000)
(1)
____________________
113
Percent of Initial Note Principal Amount at Various ABS Percentages
(if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000)
(1)
____________________
114
Percent of Initial Note Principal Amount at Various ABS Percentages
(if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,600,000,000)
(1)
____________________
115
Percent of Initial Note Principal Amount at Various ABS Percentages
(if the Aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes is $1,900,000,000)
(1)
____________________
116
The foregoing tables have been prepared on the basis of the assumptions described above under “
Weighted Average Lives of the
            Notes
” (including the assumptions regarding the characteristics and performance of the Receivables, which will differ from the actual characteristics and performance of the Receivables), and should be read in conjunction therewith.
POOL FACTORS AND TRADING INFORMATION
The “Pool Factor” with respect to any class of Notes as of the close of business on any Payment Date will be a seven-digit decimal indicating the principal amount
          of such class of Notes as of the close of business on the Payment Date in such month as a fraction of the respective principal amount thereof as of the Closing Date.  The Servicer will compute each Pool Factor each month.  Each Pool Factor will
          initially be 1.0000000 and thereafter will decline to reflect reductions in the principal amount of each class of Notes.  Each such principal amount will be computed by allocating payments in respect of the Receivables to principal and interest
          using the simple interest method.  The portion of the principal amount of any class of Notes for a given month allocable to a Noteholder can be determined by multiplying the original denomination of the holder’s Note by the related Pool Factor
          for that month.
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES
General
The Notes will be issued pursuant to the terms of the Indenture, a form of which has been filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement.  A copy of the
          Indenture will be filed as an exhibit to a current report on Form 8-K with the SEC.  The following summary describes certain terms of the Notes and the Indenture.  The summary does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and is qualified in
          its entirety by reference to, all the provisions of the Notes and the Indenture.
Payments of Interest
General
.  Interest on the principal amounts of the Notes will accrue at the respective per annum interest rates described
          on the front cover of this prospectus (each, an “Interest Rate”) and will be payable to the related Noteholders monthly on the 15th of each month (or, if such date is not a Business Day, on the next succeeding Business Day) (each such date, a
          “Payment Date”) commencing on May 15, 2026.  A “Business Day” is any day except (i) a Saturday or Sunday or (ii) a day on which banks in New York, New York or Wilmington, Delaware are closed.  Interest accrued as of any Payment Date but not paid
          on such Payment Date will be due on the next Payment Date, together with interest on such amount at the applicable Interest Rate (to the extent lawful).
Interest will accrue for the period (i) with respect to the Class A-1 Notes and the Class A-2b Notes, from and including the Closing Date (in the case of the first
          Payment Date) or from and including the most recent Payment Date on which interest has been paid to but excluding the following Payment Date and (ii) with respect to the Notes (other than the Class A-1 Notes and the Class A-2b Notes), from and
          including the Closing Date (in the case of the first Payment Date) or from and including the 15th day of the most recent calendar month during which interest was paid preceding each Payment Date to but excluding the 15th day of the following
          calendar month (each an “Interest Period”).
Interest payments on all classes of Class A Notes will have the same priority and will be subordinated to the Total Servicing Fee (which includes any Supplemental
          Servicing Fee) due to the Servicer and payment or reimbursement of fees, expenses and indemnification amounts required to be paid to the Indenture Trustee, the Owner Trustee and the Asset Representations Reviewer (which fees, expenses and
          indemnification amounts may not exceed an aggregate amount equal to $300,000 in any calendar year).  Interest payments on the Class B Notes will be subordinated to (i) the Total Servicing Fee (which includes any Supplemental Servicing Fee) due to
          the Servicer and payment or reimbursement of fees, expenses and indemnification amounts required to be paid to the Indenture Trustee, the Owner Trustee and the Asset Representations Reviewer (which fees, expenses and indemnification amounts may
          not exceed an aggregate amount equal to $300,000 in any calendar year), (ii) interest payments on the Class A Notes and (iii) the First Priority Principal Distribution Amount.  For additional information, you should refer to “
Payments to Noteholders
” in this prospectus.
Under certain circumstances, the amount available for interest payments on the Notes could be less than the amount of interest payable on such class of Notes.  In
          such case, with respect to the Class A Notes, each class of
117
Class A Noteholders will receive their pro-rata share (based upon the aggregate amount of such amounts due to such class of Noteholders) of the aggregate amount available to be paid
          in respect of interest on the Class A Notes on such Payment Date.  For additional information, you should refer to “
Payments to Noteholders—Credit and Cash Flow Enhancement” and “Transfer and Servicing
            Agreements—Payments
” in this prospectus.
An Event of Default will occur if the full amount of interest due on any Controlling Class is not paid within five Business Days of the related Payment Date.  Upon
          such an Event of Default, the Indenture Trustee may accelerate the maturity of the Notes and take actions to liquidate the assets of the Issuing Entity and funds on deposit in the accounts of the Issuing Entity.  For additional information, you
          should refer to “
Description of the Notes—Indenture—Events of Default; Rights Upon Event of Default
” in this prospectus.
Interest on the outstanding principal amount of the Class A-1 Notes and the Class A-2b Notes will accrue at the related interest rate during an Interest Period
          from (and including) the previous Payment Date to (but excluding) the next Payment Date, except that the first Interest Period for the Class A-1 Notes and the Class A-2b Notes will be from (and including) the Closing Date to (but excluding) the
          initial Payment Date.  Interest on the Class A-1 Notes and the Class A-2b Notes will be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed in such Interest Period, but assuming a 360-day year.
Interest on the outstanding principal amount of the Class A-2a Notes, the Class A-3 Notes, the Class A-4 Notes and the Class B Notes will accrue at the related
          interest rate during an Interest Period from (and including) the 15th day of the calendar month preceding a Payment Date to (but excluding) the 15th day of the calendar month in which the Payment Date occurs, except that the first Interest Period
          for the Class A-2a Notes, the Class A-3 Notes, the Class A-4 Notes and the Class B Notes will be from (and including) the Closing Date to (but excluding) May 15, 2026.  Interest on the Class A-2a Notes, the Class A-3 Notes, the Class A-4 Notes
          and the Class B Notes for each such Interest Period will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months, irrespective of how many days are actually in that Interest Period.
Each of the Class A-1 Notes, the Class A-2a Notes, the Class A-3 Notes, the Class A-4 Notes and the Class B Notes will accrue interest
          at the applicable fixed per annum interest rate specified on the front cover of this prospectus.  The Class A-2b Notes will accrue interest at a rate per annum equal to the sum of a Benchmark, which initially will be the SOFR Rate, plus the
          applicable spread set forth on the front cover of this prospectus; provided that, if the Benchmark is less than 0.00% for any Interest Period, then the Benchmark for such Interest Period will be deemed to be 0.00%.
The “SOFR Rate” will be obtained by the Paying Agent for each Interest Period on the second U.S. Government Securities Business Day before the first day of such
          Interest Period (the “SOFR Adjustment Date”) as of 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day, at which time Compounded SOFR is published on the FRBNY’s Website (the “SOFR Determination Time”) (or, if the Benchmark
          is not SOFR, the time determined by the Administrator after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes) (the “Reference Time”) and, except as provided below following a determination by the Administrator that a Benchmark
          Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, will mean, with respect to the Class A-2b Notes as of any SOFR Adjustment Date, a rate equal to Compounded SOFR; provided, that, the Administrator will have the right, in
          its sole discretion, to make applicable SOFR Adjustment Conforming Changes. For the purposes of computing interest on the Class A-2b Notes prior to the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date, the
          following terms will have the following respective meanings:
“Compounded SOFR” with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means:
(1)
the applicable compounded average of SOFR for a tenor of 30 days as published on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day at the SOFR Determination Time; or
(2)
if the rate specified in (1) above does not so appear, the applicable compounded average of SOFR for a tenor of 30 days as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such rate appeared
            on the FRBNY’s Website.
The specific Compounded SOFR rate is referred to by its tenor. For example, “30-day Average SOFR” refers to the compounded average SOFR over a rolling 30-calendar
          day period as published on the FRBNY’s Website.
118
“FRBNY” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.
“FRBNY’s Website”
means the website of the FRBNY, currently at
          https://www.newyorkfed.org/markets/reference-rates/sofr-averages-and-index or at such page as may replace this page on the FRBNY’s website.
“SOFR Adjustment Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any SOFR Rate, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the interest
          period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Administrator decides, from time to time, may be appropriate to adjust such SOFR Rate in
          a manner substantially consistent with or conforming to market practice (or, if the Administrator decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrator determines that no market
          practice exists, in such other manner as the Administrator determines is reasonably necessary).
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association
          recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities.
All percentages resulting from any calculation on the Class A-2b Notes will be rounded to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with
          five-millionths of a percentage point rounded upwards (e.g., 9.8765445% (or 0.098765445) would be rounded to 9.87655% (or 0.0987655)), and all dollar amounts used in or resulting from that calculation on the Class A-2b Notes will be rounded to
          the nearest cent (with one-half cent being rounded upwards).
Effect of Benchmark Transition Event
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Administrator determines prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark
          Replacement Date have occurred prior to the determination of the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement determined by the Administrator will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Class A-2b Notes in
          respect of such determination on such date and all such determinations on all subsequent dates.
The Administrator will deliver written notice to each NRSRO and to the Indenture Trustee on any SOFR Adjustment Date if, as of the applicable Reference Time, the
          Administrator has determined with respect to the related Interest Period that there will be a change in the SOFR Rate or the terms related thereto since the immediately preceding SOFR Adjustment Date due to a determination by the Administrator
          that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred.
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrator will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time
          to time.
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrator or any other person in connection with a Benchmark Transition Event, a Benchmark
          Replacement Conforming Change or a Benchmark Replacement as described above, including any determination with respect to administrative feasibility (whether due to technical, administrative or operational issues), a tenor, rate, an adjustment or
          of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, may be made in the Administrator’s sole
          discretion, and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Transfer and Servicing Agreements, will become effective without the consent of any other person (including any Noteholder). The holders of the Class A-2b Notes will not have any
          right to approve or disapprove of these changes and will be deemed to have agreed to waive and release any and all claims relating to any such determinations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Transfer and Servicing Agreements, none
          of the Issuing Entity, the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee, the Administrator, the Sponsor, the Depositor or the Servicer will have any liability for any action or inaction taken or refrained from being taken by it with respect to any
          Benchmark, Benchmark Transition Event, Benchmark Replacement Date, Benchmark Replacement, Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes or any other matters related to or arising in
          connection with the foregoing. Each Noteholder and Beneficial Owner, by its acceptance of a note or a beneficial interest in a note, will be deemed to waive and release any and all claims against the Issuing Entity, the Owner Trustee, the
          Indenture Trustee, the Administrator, the Sponsor, the Depositor and the Servicer relating to any such determinations.
119
With respect to a Benchmark Transition Event, the following terms will have the following respective meanings:
“Benchmark” means, initially, the SOFR Rate; provided that if the Administrator determines prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event
          and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the SOFR Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then “Benchmark” means the applicable Benchmark Replacement.
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrator as of the Benchmark Replacement Date;
(1) the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement
          for the then-current Benchmark and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;
(2) the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or
(3) the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Administrator as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark
          giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate securities at such time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrator as of the Benchmark
          Replacement Date:
(1) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment,
          that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;
(2) if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or
(3) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrator giving due
          consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S.
          dollar-denominated floating rate securities at such time.
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including
          changes to the Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Administrator decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption
          of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrator decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrator determines
          that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Administrator determines is reasonably necessary).
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published
          component used in the calculation thereof):
(1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event,” the later of (a) the date of the public statement or
          publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or
(2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event,” the date of the public statement or publication of information
          referenced therein.
120
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the
          Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination.
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published
          component used in the calculation thereof):
(1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that
          such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide
          the Benchmark (or such component); or
(2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component),
          the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the
          Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to
          provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or
(3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the
          Benchmark is no longer representative.
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2021 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or
          supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time.
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions
          referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark.
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index
          cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment.
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the FRBNY, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or
          the FRBNY or any successor thereto.
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.
For the avoidance of doubt: (a) in no event will (x) the Indenture Trustee and the Paying Agent be responsible for determining the SOFR Rate or any substitute for SOFR if such rate
          does not appear on the FRBNY’s Website or on a comparable system as is customarily used to quote SOFR or such substitute for SOFR, (y) the Owner Trustee be responsible for determining the SOFR Rate or any substitute for SOFR, or (z) the Indenture
          Trustee, the Paying Agent and the Owner Trustee  be responsible for making any decision or election in connection with a Benchmark Transition Event or a Benchmark Replacement as described above, including any determination with respect to a
          tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event and (b) in connection with any of the matters referenced in clause (a) of this sentence, the Indenture Trustee, the Paying Agent and the Owner Trustee will be entitled
          to conclusively rely on any determinations made by the Administrator (on behalf of the Issuing Entity), as applicable, in regards to such matters and will have no liability for such actions taken at the direction of the Administrator (on behalf
          of the Issuing Entity).
The Indenture Trustee, the Paying Agent and the Owner Trustee will be under no obligation (i) to monitor, determine or verify the unavailability or cessation of SOFR (or other
          applicable Benchmark), or whether or when
121
there has occurred, or to give notice to any other transaction party of the occurrence of, any Benchmark Transition Event or Benchmark Replacement Date, (ii) to select, determine or designate any
          Benchmark Replacement, or other successor or replacement benchmark index, or whether any conditions to the designation of such a rate have been satisfied, (iii) to select, determine or designate any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment or Unadjusted
          Benchmark Replacement, or other modifier to any replacement or successor index, or (iv) to determine whether or what Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are necessary or advisable, if any, in connection with any of the foregoing.
The Indenture Trustee, the Paying Agent and the Owner Trustee will not be liable for any inability, failure or delay on its part to perform any of its duties set forth in the Indenture
          and the other Basic Documents as a result of the unavailability of SOFR (or other applicable Benchmark) and the absence of a designated Benchmark Replacement, including as a result of any inability, delay, error or inaccuracy on the part of any
          other transaction party, including without limitation, the Servicer or the Administrator (on behalf of the Issuing Entity), in providing any direction, instruction, notice or information required or contemplated by the terms of the Indenture and
          the other Basic Documents and reasonably required for the performance of such duties.
Payments of Principal
Principal payments will be made to the Noteholders on each Payment Date commencing on May 15, 2026.  Payments of interest on the Notes will generally be made prior
          to payments of principal.  For additional information, you should refer to “
Payments to Noteholders
” in this prospectus.
On each Payment Date, including after an Event of Default resulting in the acceleration of the Notes, from the amounts allocated (i) to the Noteholders to pay
          principal described in clauses (4), (6) and (8) under “
—Payments to Noteholders—Priority of Payments
” in this prospectus and (ii) to the Class A Noteholders and the Class B Noteholders to pay principal
          described in clauses (4) and (6), respectively, under “
Payments to Noteholders—Payments After Occurrence of Event of Default Resulting in Acceleration”
in this prospectus, the Issuing Entity will pay
          principal of each class of Notes in the following order of priority:
The principal amount of each class of Notes will be due on the respective Final Scheduled Payment Dates indicated on the front cover of this prospectus (the “Class
          A-1 Final Scheduled Payment Date,” the “Class A-2a Final Scheduled Payment Date,” the “Class A-2b Final Scheduled Payment Date,” the “Class A-3 Final Scheduled Payment Date,” the “Class A-4 Final Scheduled Payment Date” and the “Class B Final
          Scheduled Payment Date,” respectively, and each a “Final Scheduled Payment Date”).  The actual date on which the aggregate outstanding principal amount of any class of Notes is paid may be earlier than the respective Final Scheduled Payment Dates
          described above based on a variety of factors, including those described under “
Prepayment and Yield Considerations
” and “
Weighted Average Lives of the Notes
” in
          this prospectus.
For additional information, you should refer to “
Payments to Noteholders—Calculation of Principal Distribution Amounts
”
          and “—
Priority of Payments
” in this prospectus.
Allocation of Losses
If losses on the Receivables exceed the amount of available credit enhancement, such losses will not be allocated to write down the principal amount of any class of
          Notes.  Instead, the amount available to make payments on the Notes will be reduced to the extent of such losses.  If the available credit enhancement is not sufficient to cover all amounts payable on the Notes, Notes having a later Final
          Scheduled Payment Date generally will bear a greater risk of loss than Notes having an earlier Final Scheduled Payment Date.
122
Indenture
Modification of Indenture
.  The Issuing Entity and the Indenture Trustee may, with the consent of the holders of Notes
          evidencing not less than a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the Controlling Class then outstanding, acting together as a single class, execute a supplemental indenture to add provisions to, change in any manner or
          eliminate any provisions of, the Indenture, or modify (except as provided below) in any manner the rights of the Noteholders.  For purposes of determining whether the Noteholders of the requisite percentage of the outstanding amount of the
          Controlling Class or any class of Notes have given any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, or waiver under the Indenture or other Transfer and Servicing Agreements, Notes held or owned by the Issuing Entity, any other
          obligor upon the Notes, TAFR LLC, TMCC or any affiliate of any of the foregoing will be disregarded and deemed not to be “outstanding,” except that, in determining whether the Indenture Trustee will be protected in relying upon any such request,
          demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, or waiver, only Notes that a Trust Officer of the Indenture Trustee actually knows to be so owned will be so disregarded.
The Issuing Entity and the Indenture Trustee may also enter into supplemental indentures with prior notice to the rating agencies engaged by TMCC to rate the Notes
          (each, a “Rating Agency”) and without obtaining the consent of the Securityholders, for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of the Indenture or of modifying in any manner the
          rights of such Noteholders; provided, that either (i) an officer’s certificate has been delivered by the Servicer to the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee certifying that such officer reasonably believes that such supplemental indenture
          will not materially and adversely affect the interest of any such Noteholder or (ii) the Rating Agency Condition with respect to such supplemental indenture has been satisfied.  “Rating Agency Condition” means with respect to each Rating Agency
          and any event or circumstance or proposed amendment or supplement to a Transfer and Servicing Agreement, the satisfaction of either of the following conditions, according to the then-current policies of such Rating Agency: (a) receipt by the
          Indenture Trustee of written confirmation from such Rating Agency (which, for the avoidance of doubt and without limitation, may be in the form of a letter, a press release or other publication, or a change in such Rating Agency’s published
          rating criteria to this effect) that such event or circumstance or proposed amendment or supplement will not result in the reduction or withdrawal by such Rating Agency of any rating it currently has assigned to any of the Class A Notes or (b)
          that such Rating Agency has been given notice of such event or circumstance or proposed amendment or supplement at least ten (10) days (or such lesser number of days acceptable to such Rating Agency) prior to the occurrence of such event or
          circumstance or proposed amendment or supplement and such Rating Agency has not notified the Indenture Trustee that such event or circumstance or proposed amendment or supplement might or would result in the reduction or withdrawal of the rating
          it has currently has assigned to any of the Class A Notes.
Additionally, the Issuing Entity and the Indenture Trustee may also enter into supplemental indentures, without obtaining the consent of the Securityholders, but
          with prior notice to the Rating Agencies, for the purpose of, among other things, correcting or amplifying the description of the collateral, conforming the provisions in the Indenture to the descriptions thereof contained in this prospectus,
          evidencing the assumption of the Issuing Entity’s obligations under the Indenture, the Notes and the Certificate, as applicable, by a permitted successor to the Issuing Entity, adding additional covenants of the Issuing Entity for the benefit of
          the Noteholders, surrendering rights of the Issuing Entity, conveying, or otherwise transferring or pledging, property to or with the Indenture Trustee, evidencing and providing for the appointment of a successor indenture trustee or adding or
          changing any of the provisions of the Indenture as necessary and permitted to facilitate the administration by more than one indenture trustee, and modifying, eliminating or adding to the provisions of the Indenture in order to comply with the
          TIA.
Subject to the terms described in the following paragraph, the Issuing Entity and the Indenture Trustee may also, with prior notice to the Rating Agencies, enter
          into an indenture or indentures supplemental to the indenture for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of such indenture or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Noteholders
          under such indenture; provided, that holders of Notes evidencing not less than a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the Controlling Class then outstanding, acting together as a single class, have consented to such
          amendment.
Without the consent of the holder of each such outstanding Note affected thereby, no supplemental indenture will: (i) change the due date of any installment of
          principal of or interest on any such Note or reduce the principal amount of any such Note, the interest rate specified thereon or the redemption price with respect thereto or change any place of payment where, or the coin or currency in which,
          any such Note or any interest thereon is payable; (ii) impair the right to bring suit for the enforcement of certain provisions of the Indenture regarding
123
payment; (iii) reduce the percentage of the aggregate amount of the outstanding Notes, the consent of the holders of which is required for any such supplemental indenture or the
          consent of the holders of which is required for any waiver of compliance with certain provisions of the Indenture or of certain defaults under the Indenture and their consequences as provided for in the Indenture; (iv) modify or alter the
          provisions of the Indenture regarding the voting of Notes held by the Issuing Entity, any other obligor on such Notes, the Depositor, TMCC or an affiliate of any of them; (v) reduce the percentage of the aggregate outstanding amount of such
          Notes, the consent of the holders of which is required to direct the Indenture Trustee to sell or liquidate the Trust Estate if the proceeds of such sale would be insufficient to pay the principal amount and accrued but unpaid interest on the
          outstanding Notes; (vi) decrease the percentage of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of such Notes required to amend the sections of the Indenture which specify the applicable percentage of aggregate outstanding principal amount of the
          Notes necessary to amend the Indenture or certain other related agreements; or (vii) permit the creation of any lien ranking prior to or on a parity with the lien of the Indenture with respect to any of the collateral for such Notes or, except as
          otherwise permitted or contemplated in such Indenture, terminate the lien of such Indenture on any such collateral or deprive the holder of any such Note of the security afforded by the lien of such Indenture.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
          Administrator may make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (as described under “
Description of the Notes—Payments of Interest—Effect of Benchmark Transition Event
”) without the consent of any
          Noteholder.
Notwithstanding anything under this heading or in any other transaction document to the contrary, the Indenture may be supplemented by the Issuing Entity without
          the consent of the Indenture Trustee, the Paying Agent, the Owner Trustee, any Noteholder or any other Person, and without satisfying any other provisions of the Indenture related to supplements thereto or in any other transaction document,
          solely in connection with any SOFR Adjustment Conforming Changes or, following the determination of a Benchmark Replacement, any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes to be made by the Administrator; provided, that the Issuing Entity has
          delivered notice of such supplement to the Rating Agencies on or prior to the date such supplement is executed; provided, further, that any such SOFR Adjustment Conforming Changes or any such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will not
          affect the Indenture Trustee’s rights, indemnities or obligations without the Indenture Trustee’s consent.  For the avoidance of doubt, any SOFR Adjustment Conforming Changes or any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes in any supplement to
          the Indenture may be retroactive (including retroactive to the Benchmark Replacement Date) and the Indenture may be supplemented more than once in connection with any SOFR Adjustment Conforming Changes or any Benchmark Replacement Conforming
          Changes.
Events of Default; Rights Upon Event of Default
.  With respect to the Notes, an event of default under the Indenture (an
          “Event of Default”) will consist of: (i) a default for five Business Days or more in the payment of any interest on any Note of the Controlling Class; (ii) a default in the payment of the principal of any such Note on the related Final Scheduled
          Payment Date; (iii) a default in the observance or performance of any covenant or agreement of the Issuing Entity made in the Indenture which materially and adversely affects interests of the Noteholders and the continuation of any such default
          for a period of 90 days after written notice of such default is given to the Issuing Entity by the Indenture Trustee or to the Issuing Entity and the Indenture Trustee by the holders of Notes evidencing at least a majority of the aggregate
          principal amount of the Notes of the Controlling Class then outstanding, acting together as a single class; (iv) any representation or warranty made by the Issuing Entity in the Indenture or in any certificate delivered pursuant thereto or in
          connection therewith having been incorrect in a material respect as of the time made which materially and adversely affects the interests of the Noteholders, and such breach not having been cured within 60 days after written notice of such breach
          is given to the Issuing Entity by the Indenture Trustee or to the Issuing Entity and the Indenture Trustee by the holders of Notes evidencing at least a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the Controlling Class then
          outstanding, acting together as a single class; or (v) certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or liquidation of the Issuing Entity (which, if involuntary, remains unstayed and in effect for more than 90 days).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the amount of principal required to be paid to Noteholders under the Indenture will generally be limited to amounts available to be
          deposited in the Collection Account.  Therefore, the failure to pay principal on a class of Notes generally will not result in the occurrence of an Event of Default until the Final Scheduled Payment Date for such class of Notes.  Notwithstanding
          the foregoing, if a delay in or failure of performance referred to under clauses (i) through (iv) above was caused by force majeure or other similar occurrence, the grace period described in the applicable clause will be extended for a period of
          30 calendar days.  In addition, as described below, following the occurrence of an Event of Default (other than an Event of Default related to the failure to make required payments) resulting in an acceleration of the maturity of the Notes, the
          Indenture Trustee is not required to sell the assets of the Issuing Entity (as described above under “
Capitalization of the
124
Issuing Entity
”
in this prospectus), and the Indenture Trustee may sell the assets of the Issuing
          Entity only after meeting requirements specified in the Indenture.  Under those circumstances, even if the maturity of the Notes has been accelerated, there may not be any funds to pay the principal owed on the Notes.
If an Event of Default should occur and is continuing, the Indenture Trustee or holders of Notes evidencing not less than a majority of the aggregate principal
          amount of the Notes of the Controlling Class then outstanding, acting together as a single class, may declare the principal of such Notes to be immediately due and payable.  Such declaration may be rescinded by the holders of Notes evidencing not
          less than a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the Controlling Class then outstanding, acting together as a single class, if:
If the Notes are due and payable following an Event of Default, the Indenture Trustee may institute proceedings to collect amounts due, exercise remedies as a
          secured party, including foreclosure or sale of the Trust Estate or elect to have the Issuing Entity maintain possession of the Trust Estate and continue to apply proceeds from the Trust Estate as if there had been no declaration of
          acceleration.  However, the Indenture Trustee is prohibited from selling the Trust Estate following an Event of Default, other than a default in the payment of any principal on the Final Scheduled Payment Date of a Note or a default for five
          Business Days or more in the payment of any interest on any Note of the Controlling Class, unless (i) the holders of all such outstanding Notes of the Controlling Class consent to such sale, (ii) the proceeds of such sale are sufficient to pay in
          full the principal of and the accrued interest on the outstanding Notes at the date of such sale or (iii) the Indenture Trustee determines that the proceeds of the Trust Estate would not be sufficient on an ongoing basis to make all payments on
          the Notes as such payments would have become due if such obligations had not been declared due and payable, and the Indenture Trustee obtains the consent of the holders of 66 2/3% of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of such Notes of the
          Controlling Class.  In the event of a sale of the assets of the Trust Estate by the Indenture Trustee following an Event of Default, the Noteholders will receive notice and an opportunity to submit a bid in respect of such sale.
If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing and the Indenture Trustee has actual knowledge of such Event of Default, the Indenture Trustee will be obligated to
          mail or otherwise make available to each Noteholder notice of the Event of Default within 90 days of the Indenture Trustee’s discovery thereof in the case of an Event of Default in payment of principal on the Final Scheduled Payment Date of a
          Note or of interest on any Note of the Controlling Class, the Indenture Trustee may withhold the notice to Noteholders if and so long as a committee of its officers in good faith determines that withholding the notice is in the best interests of
          Noteholders.
Subject to the provisions of the Indenture relating to the duties of the Indenture Trustee, if an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Indenture Trustee
          will be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers under the Indenture at the request or direction of any of the holders of such Notes if the Indenture Trustee reasonably believes it will not be adequately indemnified against the
          costs, expenses and liabilities which might be incurred by it in complying with such request.  Subject to the provisions for indemnification and certain limitations contained in the Indenture, the holders of Notes evidencing not less than a
          majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the Controlling Class then outstanding, acting together as a single class, will have the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available
          to the Indenture Trustee or exercising of any trust or power conferred on the Indenture Trustee, and the holders of Notes evidencing not less than a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the Controlling Class then
          outstanding, acting together as a single class, may, in certain cases, waive any default under the Indenture except a default in (i) the deposit of collections or other required amounts, (ii) any required payment from amounts held in any Trust
          Account
125
in respect of amounts due on the Notes, (iii) payment of principal or interest or (iv) a default in respect of a covenant or provision of the Indenture that cannot be modified without
          the waiver or consent of all the holders of such outstanding Notes of the Controlling Class.
Any Notes owned by the Depositor, the Servicer or any of their respective affiliates will be entitled to equal and proportionate benefits under the Indenture,
          except that such Notes, while owned by the Depositor, the Servicer or any of their respective affiliates, will not be considered to be outstanding for the purpose of determining whether the requisite percentage of Noteholders have given any
          request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent or other action under the Indenture.
No holder of a Note will have the right to institute any proceeding with respect to the Indenture, unless (i) such holder previously has given to the Indenture
          Trustee written notice of a continuing Event of Default, (ii) the holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the outstanding Notes of the Controlling Class have made written request to the Indenture Trustee to institute such proceeding
          in its own name, (iii) such holder or holders have offered the Indenture Trustee security or indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it, (iv) the Indenture Trustee has for 30 days failed to institute such proceeding and (v) no direction inconsistent
          with such written request has been given to the Indenture Trustee during such 30 day period by the holders of Notes evidencing not less than a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the Controlling Class then outstanding,
          acting together as a single class.
In addition, the Indenture Trustee and the Noteholders, by accepting the Notes, covenant that they will not at any time institute against the Issuing Entity or the
          Depositor any bankruptcy, reorganization or other proceeding under any federal or state bankruptcy or similar law.
With respect to the Issuing Entity, neither the Indenture Trustee nor the Owner Trustee in its individual capacity, nor any holder of the Certificate representing
          an ownership interest in the Issuing Entity nor any of their respective owners, beneficiaries, agents, officers, directors, employees, affiliates, successors or assigns will, in the absence of an express agreement to the contrary, be personally
          liable for the payment of the principal of or interest on the Notes or for the agreements of the Issuing Entity contained in the Indenture.
Certain Covenants
.  The Indenture will provide that the Issuing Entity may not consolidate with or merge into any other
          entity, unless, among other things, (i) the entity formed by or surviving such consolidation or merger is organized under the laws of the United States, any state or the District of Columbia, (ii) such entity expressly assumes the Issuing
          Entity’s obligation to make due and punctual payments upon the Notes and the performance or observance of every agreement and covenant of the Issuing Entity under the Indenture, (iii) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing immediately
          after such merger or consolidation, (iv) the Rating Agency Condition has been satisfied with respect to such merger or consolidation and (v) the Issuing Entity has received an opinion of counsel to the effect that such consolidation or merger
          would have no material adverse tax consequence to the Issuing Entity or to any Securityholder.
The Issuing Entity will not, among other things, (i) except as expressly permitted by the Indenture, the other Transfer and Servicing Agreements or certain related
          documents with respect to the Issuing Entity (collectively, the “Related Documents”), sell, transfer, exchange or otherwise dispose of any of the assets of the Issuing Entity, (ii) claim any credit on or make any deduction from the principal and
          interest payable in respect of the Notes (other than amounts withheld under applicable law) or assert any claim against any present or former holder of the Notes because of the payment of taxes levied or assessed upon the Issuing Entity, (iii)
          except as expressly permitted by the Related Documents, dissolve or liquidate in whole or in part, (iv) permit the validity or effectiveness of the Indenture to be impaired or permit any person to be released from any covenants or obligations
          with respect to the Notes under the Indenture except as may be expressly permitted thereby or (v) permit any lien, charge, excise, claim, security interest, mortgage or other encumbrance to be created on or extend to or otherwise arise upon or
          burden the assets of the Issuing Entity or any part thereof, or any interest in the assets of the Issuing Entity or the proceeds thereof.
The Issuing Entity may not engage in any activity other than as specified in this prospectus.  The Issuing Entity will not incur, assume or guarantee any
          indebtedness other than indebtedness incurred pursuant to the Notes and the Indenture or otherwise in accordance with the Related Documents.
126
Indenture Trustee’s Annual Report
.  If required by the TIA, the Indenture Trustee will be required to distribute each year
          to all Noteholders a brief report relating to its eligibility and qualification to continue as Indenture Trustee under the Indenture, any amounts advanced by it under the Indenture, the amount, interest rate and maturity date of certain
          indebtedness owing by the Issuing Entity to the Indenture Trustee in its individual capacity, the property and funds physically held by the Indenture Trustee as such and any action taken by it that materially affects the Notes and that has not
          been previously reported.
Satisfaction and Discharge of Indenture
.  The Indenture will be discharged with respect to the collateral securing the
          Notes upon the delivery to the Indenture Trustee for cancellation of all such Notes or, with certain limitations, upon deposit with the Indenture Trustee of funds sufficient for the payment in full of all such Notes, including interest thereon,
          and any fees, expenses and indemnification amounts due and payable to the Indenture Trustee, the Owner Trustee and the Asset Representations Reviewer.
Notices
Noteholders of record will be notified in writing by the Indenture Trustee of any Event of Default or termination of, or appointment of a successor to, the
          Servicer promptly upon a Trust Officer (as defined in the Sale and Servicing Agreement) obtaining actual knowledge thereof. While Notes are held in book-entry form, these notices will be delivered by the Indenture Trustee to The Depository Trust
          Company (“DTC”).  If Notes are issued in definitive form, these notices will be mailed to the addresses provided to the Indenture Trustee by the holders of record as of the relevant record date.  Such notices will be deemed to have been given as
          of the date of delivery to DTC or mailing.
Governing Law
The Indenture and Notes are governed by and will be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements made in and to be
          performed wholly within such jurisdiction.
Minimum Denominations
The Class A Notes will be issued in U.S. Dollars in minimum denominations of $1,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof (except for one Note of each
          class which may be issued in a denomination other than an integral multiple of $1,000).  Each class of Notes will initially be represented by one or more Notes registered in the name of the nominee of DTC (together with any successor depository
          selected by the Issuing Entity, the “Depository”) and will be registered in the name of Cede & Co., as the nominee of DTC, the clearing agency.  Accordingly, such nominee is expected to be the holder of record, or registered holder
          (“Noteholder”), of the Notes of each class.  Unless and until Definitive Notes are issued under the limited circumstances described in this prospectus, no Noteholder will be entitled to receive a physical certificate representing a Note.  All
          references in this prospectus to actions by Noteholders refer to actions taken by DTC upon instructions from its participating organizations (the “DTC Participants”) and all references in this prospectus to payments, notices, reports and
          statements to Noteholders refer to payments, notices, reports and statements to DTC or its nominee, as the registered holder of the Notes, for distribution to Noteholders in accordance with DTC’s procedures with respect thereto.  For additional
          information, you should refer to “
Description of the Notes—Book-Entry Registration
” and “
—Definitive Securities
” in this prospectus.
Book-Entry Registration
General
Upon issuance, all Notes in book-entry form having the same original issue date, maturity and otherwise having identical terms and provisions will be represented
          by one or more fully registered global notes.  Each global note will be deposited with, or on behalf of, DTC, as depository, registered in the name of DTC or a nominee of DTC.
Except as described below, a global note may not be transferred except as a whole: (1) by DTC to a nominee of DTC; (2) by a nominee of DTC to DTC or another
          nominee of DTC; (3) by DTC or any nominee to a successor of DTC or a nominee of the successor.
127
So long as DTC or its nominee is the registered owner of a global note, DTC or its nominee, as the case may be, will be the sole holder of the Notes in book-entry
          form represented by the global note for all purposes under the Indenture. Except as otherwise provided in this section, the actual purchasers, or “Beneficial Owners,” of the global note or Notes representing Notes in book-entry form will not be
          entitled to receive physical delivery of Notes in certificated form and will not be considered to be the holders of the Notes for any purpose under the Indenture, and no global note representing Notes in book-entry form will be exchangeable or
          transferable. Accordingly, each person owning a beneficial interest in a global note must rely on the procedures of DTC and, if a person is not a participant, on the procedures of the participant through which the person owns its interest in
          order to exercise any rights of a holder under the Indenture.
We may elect to allow Beneficial Owners to hold their interest in a global note held by DTC through Clearstream Banking, société anonyme (“Clearstream”) or
          Euroclear Bank SA/NV, as operator of the Euroclear system (“Euroclear”), if they are participants in those systems, or indirectly through organizations that are participants in those systems. Clearstream and Euroclear will hold interests on
          behalf of their customers through accounts held in Clearstream’s and Euroclear’s names on the books of their respective depositaries, which in turn will hold the interests in the depositaries’ names on the books of DTC.
We understand that under existing industry practices, if we request any action of holders or if a Beneficial Owner of a global note desires to give or take any
          action that a holder is entitled to give or take under the Indenture, DTC would authorize the participants holding the relevant beneficial interests to give or take the desired action, and the participants would authorize Beneficial Owners owning
          through the participants to give or take the desired action or would otherwise act upon the instructions of Beneficial Owners. Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be, will take action on behalf of their participants only in accordance with
          its relevant rules and procedures and subject to its respective depositaries’ ability to effect such actions on its behalf through DTC.
The laws of some jurisdictions require that certain purchasers of securities take physical delivery of the securities in definitive certificated form. These limits
          and laws may impair the ability to transfer beneficial interests in a global note representing Notes in book-entry form. Further, because DTC can act only on behalf of its participants, who in turn act on behalf of indirect participants, the
          ability of Beneficial Owners to pledge their interest in the Notes to persons or entities that do not participate in the DTC system, or otherwise take action with respect to such interest, may be limited by the lack of a definitive certificate of
          such interest.
Settlement Procedures
The initial depository for the Notes will be DTC. The depository will act as securities depository for the Notes in book-entry form. The Notes in book-entry form
          will be issued as fully registered securities registered in the name of Cede & Co., the depository’s nominee or such other name as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC. One global note will be issued to represent each
          $500,000,000 of aggregate principal amount of Notes of the same issue. Additional global notes will be issued to represent any remaining principal amount of the issue.
Purchases of Notes in book-entry form under DTC’s system must be made by or through direct participants, which will receive a credit for Notes in book-entry form on
          DTC’s records. The ownership interest of each Beneficial Owner is in turn recorded on the records of direct participants and indirect participants. Beneficial Owners of Notes in book-entry form will not receive written confirmation from DTC of
          their purchase, but each Beneficial Owners is expected to receive written confirmation providing details of the related transaction, as well as periodic statements of its holdings, from the direct or indirect participant through which such
          Beneficial Owner entered into the related transaction. Transfers of ownership interests in a global note representing Notes in book-entry form are accomplished by entries made on the books of participants acting on behalf of the Beneficial
          Owners. Beneficial Owners of global notes representing Notes in book-entry form will not receive Notes in certificated form representing their ownership interests in the Notes, unless use of the book-entry system for Notes in book-entry form is
          discontinued.
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all global notes representing Notes in book-entry form which are deposited with DTC are registered in the name of DTC’s
          partnership nominee, Cede & Co. or such other name as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC. The deposit of global notes with DTC and their registration in the name of Cede & Co. or such other DTC nominee effect no
          change in beneficial ownership. DTC has no knowledge of the actual Beneficial Owners of the global notes representing the Notes in book-entry form; DTC’s records reflect only the identity of the direct participants to whose accounts the Notes in
          book-entry form are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial Owners. The participants will remain responsible for keeping
128
account of their holdings on behalf of their customers and for forwarding all notices concerning the Notes to their customers.
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to direct participants, by direct participants to indirect participants, and
          by direct participants and indirect participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time.
Redemption notices will be sent to DTC. If less than all of the Notes in book-entry form are being redeemed, DTC’s practice is to determine by lot the amount of
          the interest of each direct participant in the issue to be redeemed.
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. (nor any other DTC nominee) will consent or vote with respect to the global notes representing the Notes in book-entry form unless
          authorized by a direct participant in accordance with DTC’s procedures. Under its usual procedures, DTC mails an omnibus proxy to us as soon as possible after the applicable record date. The omnibus proxy assigns Cede & Co.’s consenting or
          voting rights to those direct participants, identified in a listing attached to the omnibus proxy, to whose accounts the Notes in book-entry form are credited on the applicable record date.
So long as DTC, or its nominee, is a registered owner of the global notes representing the Notes in book-entry form, we will make principal and interest payments
          on the global notes representing the Notes in book-entry form to DTC. DTC’s practice is to credit direct participants’ accounts upon DTC’s receipt of funds and corresponding detail information from TAFR LLC or the Indenture Trustee, on the
          applicable Payment Date in accordance with their respective holdings shown on DTC’s records. Payments by participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with securities held for
          the accounts of customers in bearer form or registered in “street name,” and will be the responsibility of the participant and not of DTC, the Indenture Trustee or TAFR LLC, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect
          from time to time. Payment of principal and interest to DTC is the responsibility of TAFR LLC or the Indenture Trustee. Disbursement of such payments to direct participants is the responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of payments to the
          Beneficial Owners is the responsibility of direct participants and indirect participants. Distributions with respect to Notes held through Clearstream or Euroclear will be credited, to the extent received by their respective depositaries, to the
          cash accounts of their participants in accordance with the relevant system’s rules and procedures.
DTC may discontinue providing its services as securities depository with respect to the Notes in book-entry form at any time by giving reasonable notice to TAFR
          LLC or the Indenture Trustee. Under these circumstances, if a successor securities depository is not obtained, Notes in certificated form are required to be printed and delivered.
We may decide (subject to the procedures of the securities depository) to discontinue use of a system of book-entry transfers through the depository or a successor
          securities depository. In that event, Notes in definitive certificated form will be printed and delivered.
If DTC is at any time unwilling or unable to continue as depository and a successor depository is not appointed by us within 90 days, we will issue Notes in
          certificated form in exchange for the Notes represented by the global notes. In addition, we may at any time and in our sole discretion determine (subject to the procedures of the securities depositary) to discontinue use of a global note and, in
          that event, will issue Notes in certificated form in exchange for the Notes represented by the global note.
The Class A Notes will be issued in U.S. Dollars in minimum denominations of $1,000 and integral
          multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof (except for one Note of each class which may be issued in a denomination other than an integral multiple of $1,000) and will be issued in registered form only, without coupons.
Secondary Market Trading
Because the purchaser determines the place of delivery, it is important to establish at the time of trading of any Notes where both the purchaser’s and seller’s
          accounts are located to ensure that settlement can be made on the desired value date.
Trading between participants of DTC, or “DTC Participants.”
Secondary market sales of Notes held in DTC between DTC
          Participants will occur in the ordinary way in accordance with DTC rules and will be settled using the procedures applicable to United States corporate debt obligations.
129
Trading between participants of Euroclear, or “Euroclear Participants” and/or participants of Clearstream, or “Clearstream
            Participants
.”  Secondary market sales of beneficial interests in the Notes held through Euroclear or Clearstream to purchasers that will hold beneficial interests through Euroclear or Clearstream will be conducted in accordance with the
          normal rules and operating procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream and will be settled using the procedures applicable to conventional Eurobonds.
Trading between DTC Seller and Euroclear/Clearstream Purchaser
.  When book-entry interests in Notes are to be transferred
          from the account of a DTC Participant to the account of a Euroclear or Clearstream accountholder, the purchaser must first send instructions to Euroclear or Clearstream through a participant at least one business day (European time) prior to the
          settlement date, in accordance with its rules and procedures and within its established deadlines (European time). Clearstream Participants and Euroclear Participants may not deliver instructions directly to DTC. Euroclear or Clearstream will
          then instruct its depositary to receive the Notes and make payment for them. On the settlement date, the depositary will make payment to the DTC Participant’s account and the Notes will be credited to the depositary’s account. After settlement
          has been completed, DTC will credit the Notes to the U.S. depositary for Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be. Euroclear or Clearstream will credit the Notes, in accordance with its usual procedures, to the participant’s account, and the
          participant will then credit the purchaser’s account. These securities credits will appear the next business day (European time) after the settlement date. The cash debit from the account of Euroclear or Clearstream will be back-valued to the
          value date (which will be the preceding business day (European time) if settlement occurs in New York). If settlement is not completed on the intended value date (i.e., the trade fails), the cash debit will instead be valued at the actual
          settlement date. Since the settlement will occur during New York business hours, a DTC Participant selling an interest in the Notes can use its usual procedures for transferring notes to the U.S. depositary for Euroclear or Clearstream, as the
          case may be, for the benefit of Euroclear Participants or Clearstream Participants. The DTC seller will receive the sale proceeds on the settlement date. Thus, to the DTC seller, a cross-market sale will settle no differently than a trade between
          two DTC Participants.
Trading between a Euroclear or Clearstream Seller and a DTC Purchaser.
Due to time zone differences in their favor,
          Euroclear Participants and Clearstream Participants can use their usual procedures to transfer Notes through the applicable U.S. depositary to a DTC Participant. The seller must first send instructions to Euroclear or Clearstream through a
          participant at least one business day (European time) prior to the settlement date. Euroclear or Clearstream will then instruct its U.S. Depositary to credit the Notes to the DTC Participant’s account and receive payment. The payment will be
          credited in the account of the Euroclear or Clearstream Participant on the following business day
(European time), but the receipt of the cash proceeds will be back-valued to the value date (which will be the
          preceding business day (European time) if settlement occurs in New York). If settlement is not completed on the intended value date (i.e., the trade fails), the receipt of the cash proceeds will instead be valued at the actual settlement date.
The Clearing Systems
DTC
.  DTC, the world’s largest securities depository, is a limited-purpose trust company organized under the New York
          Banking Law, a “banking organization” within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a member of the Federal Reserve System, a “clearing corporation” within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code, and a “clearing agency” registered
          pursuant to the provisions of Section 17A of the Exchange Act.  DTC holds and provides asset servicing for over 3.5 million issues of U.S. and non-U.S. equity issues, corporate and municipal debt issues, and money market instruments (from over
          100 countries) that DTC Direct Participants deposit with DTC.  DTC also facilitates the post-trade settlement among DTC Direct Participants of sales and other securities transactions in deposited securities, through electronic computerized
          book-entry transfers and pledges between DTC Direct Participants’ accounts. This eliminates the need for physical movement of securities certificates.  DTC Direct Participants include both U.S. and non-U.S. securities brokers and dealers, banks,
          trust companies, clearing corporations, and certain other organizations.  DTC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation (“DTCC”).  DTCC is the holding company for DTC, National Securities Clearing Corporation
          and Fixed Income Clearing Corporation, all of which are registered clearing agencies.  DTCC is owned by the users of its regulated subsidiaries.  Access to the DTC system is also available to others such as both U.S. and non-U.S. securities
          brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, and clearing corporations that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a DTC Direct Participant, either directly or indirectly. The DTC Rules applicable to DTC Direct Participants are
          on file with the SEC. More information about DTC can be found at www.dtcc.com.
130
Clearstream
.  Clearstream advises that it is incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg as a professional depository.
          Clearstream holds securities for Clearstream Participants and facilitates the clearance and settlement of securities transactions between Clearstream Participants through electronic book-entry changes in accounts of Clearstream Participants,
          thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of certificates. Clearstream provides to Clearstream Participants, among other things, services for safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and
          securities lending and borrowing. Clearstream interfaces with domestic markets in several countries. As a professional depository in Luxembourg, Clearstream is subject to regulation by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier.
          Clearstream Participants are recognized financial institutions around the world, including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other organizations. Indirect access to Clearstream
          is also available to other institutions such as banks, brokers, dealers and trust companies that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Clearstream Participant either directly or indirectly.  Distributions with respect to the
          Notes held beneficially through Clearstream will be credited to cash accounts of Clearstream Participants in accordance with its rules and procedures, to the extent received by the U.S. Depositary for Clearstream.
Euroclear
.  Euroclear holds securities and book-entry interests in securities for Euroclear
          Participants and facilitates the clearance and settlement of securities transactions between Euroclear Participants, and between Euroclear Participants and participants of certain other securities intermediaries through electronic book-entry
          changes in accounts of such participants or other securities intermediaries.  Euroclear provides Euroclear Participants, among other things, with safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement, securities lending and borrowing and related
          services. Euroclear Participants include investment banks, securities brokers and dealers, banks, central banks, supranationals, custodians, investment managers, corporations, trust companies and certain other organizations. Non-participants in
          Euroclear may hold and transfer beneficial interests in a global note through accounts with a Euroclear Participant
or any other securities intermediary that holds a book-entry interest in a global note through one or more
          securities intermediaries standing between such other securities intermediary and Euroclear.  Securities clearance accounts and cash accounts with Euroclear are governed by the Terms and Conditions Governing Use of Euroclear and the related
          Operating Procedures of the Euroclear System, and applicable Belgian law (collectively, the “Terms and Conditions”). The Terms and Conditions govern transfers of securities and cash within Euroclear, withdrawals of securities and cash from
          Euroclear, and receipts of payments with respect to securities in Euroclear. All securities in Euroclear are held on a fungible basis without attribution of specific certificates to specific securities clearance accounts. Euroclear acts under the
          Terms and Conditions only on behalf of Euroclear Participants, and has no record of or relationship with persons holding through Euroclear Participants. Distributions with respect to Notes held beneficially through Euroclear will be credited to
          the cash accounts of Euroclear Participants in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, to the extent received by the U.S. Depository for Euroclear.
Although the foregoing sets out the procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream and DTC in order to facilitate the transfers of interests in the Notes among participants
          of DTC, Clearstream and Euroclear, none of Euroclear, Clearstream or DTC is under any obligation to perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued at any time. Neither we nor any agent or any paying agent,
          any underwriter or any affiliate of any of the above, or any person by whom any of the above is controlled for the purposes of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), will have any responsibility for the performance by DTC,
          Euroclear and Clearstream or their respective direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations or for the sufficiency for any purpose of the arrangements
          described above.
Definitive Securities
The Certificate will be issued in fully registered, certificated form (the “Definitive Certificate”).  The Notes will be issued in fully registered, certificated
          form (the “Definitive Notes” and, together with the Definitive Certificate, the “Definitive Securities”) to Noteholders or their respective nominees, instead of to DTC or its nominee, only if (i) DTC is no longer willing or able to discharge
          properly its responsibilities as depository with respect to such Notes and the Administrator is unable to locate a qualified successor (and if it is the Administrator that has made such determination, the Administrator so notifies the Indenture
          Trustee in writing), (ii) the Depositor or the Administrator or the Indenture Trustee, as applicable, at its option, elects to terminate the book-entry system through DTC or (iii) after the occurrence of an Event of Default or a Servicer Default
          with respect to the Notes, holders of Notes evidencing not less than a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the Controlling Class then outstanding, acting together as a single class, advise the Indenture Trustee through DTC
          in
131
writing that the continuation of a book-entry system through DTC (or a successor to DTC) with respect to the Notes is no longer in the best interest of the holders of the Notes.
Upon the occurrence of any event described in the immediately preceding paragraph, the Indenture Trustee will be required to notify all applicable Noteholders
          through participants of the availability of Definitive Notes.  Upon surrender by DTC of the definitive certificates representing the corresponding Notes and receipt of instructions for re-registration, the Indenture Trustee will reissue such
          Notes as Definitive Notes to such Noteholders.
Payments of principal of, and interest on, such Definitive Notes will thereafter be made by the Indenture Trustee in accordance with the procedures described in the
          Indenture or the Trust Agreement, as applicable, directly to holders of Definitive Notes in whose names the Definitive Notes were registered at the close of business on the applicable Record Date.  Such payments will be made, either, at the
          option of the Indenture Trustee, by check mailed to the address of such holder as it appears on the register maintained by the Indenture Trustee or by wire transfer.  The final payment on any such Definitive Note, however, will be made only upon
          presentation and surrender of such Definitive Note at the office or agency specified in the notice of final payment to the applicable Noteholders.  The Indenture Trustee will provide such notice to the applicable Noteholders not less than 15 or
          more than 30 days prior to the date on which such final payment is expected to occur.
Definitive Securities will be transferable and exchangeable at the offices of the applicable trustee or of a registrar named in a notice delivered to holders of
          Definitive Securities.  No service charge will be imposed for any registration of transfer or exchange, but the Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee, as applicable, may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental
          charge imposed in connection therewith.
List of Securityholders
Separately from the requirement to include a request to communicate in a Form 10-D, three or more holders of the Notes or one or more holders of the Notes
          evidencing not less than 25% of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Notes may, by written request to the Indenture Trustee, obtain access to the list of all Noteholders maintained by the Indenture Trustee for the purpose of
          communicating directly with other Noteholders with respect to their rights under the Indenture or under the Notes.  The Indenture Trustee may elect not to afford the requesting Noteholders access to the list of Noteholders if it agrees to mail
          the desired communication or proxy, on behalf of and at the expense of the requesting Noteholders, to all Noteholders.
The Depositor or an affiliate will be the initial Certificateholder.
The Trust Agreement and Indenture will not provide for the holding of annual or other meetings of Securityholders.
Reports to Securityholders
On or prior to each Payment Date, the Servicer will prepare and provide to the Indenture Trustee and the Owner Trustee statements to be made available to the
          Noteholders and Certificateholders, respectively, on such Payment Date.  Each such statement to be made available to Securityholders will include (to the extent applicable) the following information as to the Notes and as to the Certificate with
          respect to such Payment Date or the period since the previous Payment Date, as applicable:
132
Within the prescribed period of time for tax reporting purposes after the end of each calendar year, the applicable Trustee will mail or otherwise make available
          to each person who at any time during such calendar year has been a Securityholder and received any payment on the Securities held by such Person a statement containing certain information for the purposes of such Securityholder’s preparation of
          U.S. federal income tax returns.  The Servicer will make the foregoing statements available to the Noteholder each month via its Internet website, which is presently located at http://www.toyotafinancial.com.  For additional information, you
          should refer to “
Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations
” in this prospectus.
The Servicer, on behalf of the Issuing Entity, will also prepare an asset-level data file with respect to the Receivables for each calendar month and file it with
          the SEC on Form ABS-EE before filing the related Form 10-D.  The exhibits to each Form ABS-EE filed by or on behalf of the Issuing Entity after the filing of this prospectus will be incorporated by reference into the related Form 10-D.  Each
          asset-level data file will contain detailed information concerning each Receivable, including data regarding its origination characteristics, contract terms, characteristics of the related Financed Vehicle and Obligor, contract and payment
          activity, servicing activity and status.  Certain asset-level data, such as data related to term, collections, vehicle type, repurchases, losses on the Receivables and repossessions, may not match the aggregate data provided on the monthly
          statements to Securityholders as a result of differences between the methods of determining or calculating such data for the purpose of presenting the monthly statements to Securityholders and for the purpose of presenting asset-level data in
          Form ABS-EE.
PAYMENTS TO NOTEHOLDERS
On the second Business Day preceding each Payment Date (each, a “Determination Date”), the Servicer will inform the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee of,
          among other things, the amount of funds collected on or in respect of the Receivables and the Servicing Fee payable to the Servicer, in each case with respect to the calendar month immediately preceding the month in which the related Payment Date
          occurs (the “Collection Period”).  On each Determination Date, the Servicer will also inform the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee of the amount
133
of any fees, expenses and indemnification amounts required to be paid to the Indenture Trustee, the Owner Trustee and the Asset Representations Reviewer on the related Payment Date. 
          On or before each Determination Date, the Servicer will also determine the First Priority Principal Distribution Amount, the Second Priority Principal Distribution Amount, the Regular Principal Distribution Amount and, based on the Available
          Collections and other amounts available for distribution on the related Payment Date as described below, the amount to be distributed to the Securityholders.
The Indenture Trustee will make payments to the Noteholders out of the amounts on deposit in the Collection Account subject to the application thereof in accordance
          with the priorities set forth under “—
Priority of Payments
” below.  The amounts to be distributed to the Noteholders will be determined in the manner described below.
Calculation of Available Collections
The amount of funds available for payment on a Payment Date (without taking into account amounts withdrawn from the Reserve Account, if available) (“Available
          Collections”) will generally be the sum (without duplication) of the following amounts with respect to the Collection Period preceding such Payment Date or, in the case of the first Payment Date, the period from the Cutoff Date through the last
          day of the calendar month preceding such Payment Date:
Available Collections on any Payment Date will exclude the Supplemental Servicing Fee.
“Defaulted Receivable” means a Receivable (other than an Administrative Receivable or a Warranty Receivable) as to which (a) all or any part of a Scheduled Payment
          is 120 or more days delinquent or (b) if all or any part of a Scheduled Payment is less than 120 days delinquent, the Servicer has, in accordance with its Customary Servicing Practices, (i) determined that eventual payment in full is unlikely,
          (ii) repossessed and liquidated the related Financed Vehicle or (iii) repossessed and held the related Financed Vehicle in its repossession inventory for 90 days, whichever of clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) occurs first.  The Principal Balance of any
          Receivable that becomes a Defaulted Receivable will be deemed to be zero as of the date it becomes a Defaulted Receivable.  The Servicer’s policy is to charge-off retail installment sales contracts as soon as disposition of the vehicle has been
          effected and sales proceeds have been received, and may in some circumstances charge-off an auto loan contract prior to repossession.  When repossession and disposition of the collateral related to a Receivable has not been effected, TMCC’s
          policy with respect to Receivables included in the Issuing Entity is to charge-off as soon as TMCC determines that the vehicle cannot be recovered, but not later than when the contract is 120 days delinquent.
Calculation of Principal Distribution Amounts
First Priority Principal Distribution Amount.
The “First Priority Principal Distribution Amount” means, with respect to
          any Payment Date, an amount equal to the excess, if any, of (a) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Class A Notes as of such Payment Date (before giving effect to any principal payments made on the Class A Notes on such Payment
          Date), over (b) the Adjusted Pool Balance as of the last day of the related Collection Period; provided, however, that (i) the First Priority Principal Distribution Amount on the Class A-1 Final Scheduled Payment Date will not be less than the
          amount that is necessary to reduce the outstanding principal amount of the Class A-1 Notes to zero; (ii) the First Priority Principal Distribution Amount on the Class A-2a Final
134
Scheduled Payment Date will not be less than the amount that is necessary to reduce the outstanding principal amount of the Class A-2a Notes to zero; (iii) the First Priority
          Principal Distribution Amount on the Class A-2b Final Scheduled Payment Date will not be less than the amount that is necessary to reduce the outstanding principal amount of the Class A-2b Notes to zero; (iv) the First Priority Principal
          Distribution Amount on the Class A-3 Final Scheduled Payment Date will not be less than the amount that is necessary to reduce the outstanding principal amount of the Class A-3 Notes to zero; and (v) the First Priority Principal Distribution
          Amount on the Class A-4 Final Scheduled Payment Date will not be less than the amount that is necessary to reduce the outstanding principal amount of the Class A-4 Notes to zero.
The “Pool Balance” means, as of any date, an amount equal to the aggregate Principal Balance of the Receivables as of that date.
The “Adjusted Pool Balance” means, as of any date, the Pool Balance less the Yield Supplement Overcollateralization Amount.
The “Principal Balance” of a Receivable, as of any date, means an amount equal to the Amount Financed (as defined in the Sale and Servicing Agreement) minus the sum
          of (i) that portion of all Scheduled Payments actually received on or prior to such date allocable to principal, (ii) any Warranty Purchase Payment or Administrative Purchase Payment with respect to such Receivable received on or prior to such
          date and allocable to principal (to the extent not included in clause (i) above) and (iii) any prepayments or other payments received on or prior to such date and applied to reduce the unpaid Principal Balance of such Receivable (to the extent
          not included in clauses (i) and (ii) above).
Second Priority Principal Distribution Amount.
The “Second Priority Principal Distribution Amount” means, with respect to
          any Payment Date, an amount equal to (a) the excess, if any, of (i) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes as of such Payment Date (before giving effect to any principal payments made on the Class A
          Notes and the Class B Notes on such Payment Date), over (ii) the Adjusted Pool Balance as of the last day of the related Collection Period minus (b) the First Priority Principal Distribution Amount for such Payment Date; provided, however, that
          the Second Priority Principal Distribution Amount on the Class B Final Scheduled Payment Date will not be less than the amount that is necessary to reduce the outstanding principal amount of the Class B Notes to zero.
Regular Principal Distribution Amount.
The “Regular Principal Distribution Amount” means, with respect to any Payment
          Date, an amount equal to (a) the excess, if any, of (i) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Notes as of such Payment Date (before giving effect to any principal payments made on the Notes on such Payment Date), over (ii) the excess,
          if any, of the Adjusted Pool Balance as of the last day of the related Collection Period less the Overcollateralization Target Amount, minus (b) the sum of the First Priority Principal Distribution Amount and the Second Priority Principal
          Distribution Amount for such Payment Date.
The “Overcollateralization Target Amount” with respect to any Payment Date is equal to 0.85% of the Adjusted Pool Balance as of the Cutoff Date.
Priority of Payments
On each Payment Date, except after an Event of Default resulting in an acceleration of the Notes, the Issuing Entity will make the following payments in the
          following order of priority  (after payment to the Servicer of the Supplemental Servicing Fee, to the extent not previously retained by the Servicer) from Available Collections for the related Collection Period and, if applicable, from amounts
          withdrawn from the Reserve Account:
135
such payment (with interest accrued on such unpaid amounts at the rate or rates at which interest accrued on the related Notes during the relevant Interest Period
          or Interest Periods);
Payments After Occurrence of Event of Default Resulting in Acceleration
After an Event of Default that results in the acceleration of the maturity of the Notes and unless and until such acceleration has been rescinded, the Issuing
          Entity will make the following payments in the following order of priority  (after payment to the Servicer of the Supplemental Servicing Fee, to the extent not previously retained by the Servicer) from Available Collections for the related
          Collection Period:
136
Following the occurrence of an Event of Default under the Indenture that results in the acceleration of the maturity of the Notes, amounts on deposit in the
          Reserve Account will be withdrawn and used to the extent necessary to pay principal of the Notes as described in clauses (4) and (6) above, in that order of priority.
Credit and Cash Flow Enhancement
The presence of credit enhancement for the benefit of any class of Notes is intended to enhance the likelihood of receipt by the Noteholders of such class of the
          full amount of principal and interest due thereon and to decrease the likelihood that such Noteholders will experience losses.  The credit enhancement for a class of Notes will not provide protection against all risks of loss and will not
          guarantee repayment of the entire principal amount and interest thereon.  If losses occur that exceed the amount covered by any credit enhancement or that are not covered by any credit enhancement, Noteholders of any class will bear their
          allocable share of deficiencies.  In addition, if a form of credit enhancement covers more than one class of Notes, Noteholders of any such class will be subject to the risk that such credit enhancement will be exhausted by the claims of
          Noteholders of other classes.
Subordination of Principal and Interest.
The subordination of the Class B Notes to the Class A Notes, as described under
          “
—Priority of Payments
” above is intended to provide credit enhancement to the Class A Notes. Payments of principal will not be made on the Class B Notes until the principal on the Class A Notes has been
          paid in full. Payments of interest will not be made on the Class B Notes on a Payment Date until accrued and unpaid interest on the Class A Notes and the First Priority Principal Distribution Amount has been paid.  Also, if payment of the Notes
          has been accelerated after an Event of Default, then no payments of interest or principal will be made on the Class B Notes until the Class A Notes have been paid in full. While any Class A Notes are outstanding, the failure to pay interest on
          the Class B Notes will not be an Event of Default.  When the Class A Notes are no longer outstanding, an Event of Default will occur if the full amount of interest due on the Class B Notes is not paid within five Business Days after the related
          Payment Date.
Reserve Account
.  The Reserve Account will be a segregated account established by the Depositor pursuant to the Sale and
          Servicing Agreement on the Closing Date and maintained and held by the Securities Intermediary for the benefit of the Noteholders (the “Reserve Account”).  Any amounts held on deposit in the Reserve Account will be owned by the Depositor, subject
          to the right of the Indenture Trustee to withdraw such amounts as described below.  Prior to an Event of Default that results in an acceleration of the maturity of the Notes, any net investment earnings thereon will be distributed to the
          Depositor on each Payment Date and will be taxable to the Sponsor, for so long as the Sponsor is the sole member of the Depositor (and the Depositor is not treated as a corporation), for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  Except as described
          below, no funds will be withdrawn from, and no amounts will be deposited into, the Reserve Account.
The Depositor will grant to the Indenture Trustee, for the benefit of the Noteholders, a security interest in the accounts of the Issuing Entity, including any
          funds in the Reserve Account and the proceeds thereof (subject to the right of the Depositor to investment earnings thereon), to secure the payment of interest on the Notes, the payment of principal on the Notes on any Payment Date to the extent
          the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Notes exceeds the Adjusted Pool Balance as of the last day of the related Collection Period and the payment of principal on any class of Notes on the Final Scheduled Payment Date of that class of
          Notes, and the Indenture Trustee will have all of the rights of a secured party under the Uniform Commercial Code (the “UCC”) with respect thereto.
On the Closing Date, (a) if the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000, the Depositor will cause to be deposited at least $3,250,020.38
          into the Reserve Account, (b) if the aggregate initial
137
principal amount of the Notes is $1,600,000,000, the Depositor will cause to be deposited at least $4,000,024.35 into the Reserve Account and (c) if the aggregate initial principal
          amount of the Notes is $1,900,000,000, the Depositor will cause to be deposited at least $4,750,016.52 into the Reserve Account which in each case is approximately 0.25% of the related Adjusted Pool Balance as of the Cutoff Date.  On each Payment
          Date, after making required payments to the Servicer, the Indenture Trustee, the Owner Trustee, the Asset Representations Reviewer and the Noteholders, as described under “
—Priority of Payments
” above, the
          Issuing Entity will make a deposit into the Reserve Account to the extent that funds are available therefor to the extent necessary to maintain the amount on deposit in the Reserve Account at a Specified Reserve Account Balance.
The “Specified Reserve Account Balance” with respect to any Payment Date will be an amount equal to the lesser of (i) the amount deposited into the Reserve Account
          on the Closing Date and (ii) the outstanding principal amount of the Notes (after giving effect to any principal payments made on the Notes on such Payment Date).
The amount of funds on deposit in the Reserve Account may decrease on each Payment Date by withdrawals of funds (i) to cover shortfalls in the amounts required to
          be distributed pursuant to clauses (1) through (6) under “
—Priority of Payments
” above, (ii) after an Event of Default that results in the acceleration of the maturity of the Notes, to pay principal on the
          Notes, and (iii) to pay principal on any class of Notes on the Final Scheduled Payment Date of that class of Notes.
If the principal amount of a class of Notes is not paid in full on the related Final Scheduled Payment Date, the Indenture Trustee will withdraw amounts (if
          available) from the Reserve Account, to reduce the principal amount of such class of Notes to zero.
The Servicer may amend the formula or percentage for determining the Specified Reserve Account Balance that is different from that described above or make certain
          changes with respect to the manner by which the Reserve Account is funded pursuant to the amendment provisions of the Sale and Servicing Agreement described under “
Transfer and Servicing Agreements—Amendment
”
          in this prospectus.
As of the close of business on any Payment Date that occurs prior to an Event of Default that results in the acceleration of the maturity of the Notes and on which
          the amount of funds on deposit in the Reserve Account (excluding net investment earnings, which will be distributed on each such Payment Date to the Depositor) is greater than the Specified Reserve Account Balance for such Payment Date, the
          Servicer will instruct the Indenture Trustee to release and distribute such excess to the Depositor.
Funds on deposit in the Reserve Account may be invested in Eligible Investments.  Prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default resulting in an acceleration of the
          maturity of the Notes, net investment earnings on monies on deposit in the Reserve Account will be released to the Depositor and will not be available for payment to Noteholders or otherwise subject to any claims or rights of the Noteholders. 
          Any net loss on such investments will be charged to the Reserve Account.
After the payment in full, or the provision for such payment, of (i) all accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes and (ii) the outstanding principal amount of the
          Notes, any funds remaining on deposit in the Reserve Account, subject to certain limitations, will be paid to the Depositor.
Overcollateralization.
Overcollateralization represents the amount by which the Adjusted Pool Balance exceeds the
          outstanding principal amount of the Notes.  The Adjusted Pool Balance as of the Cutoff Date is expected to be approximately equal to the aggregate principal amount of the Notes as of the Closing Date.  In addition to providing credit enhancement,
          overcollateralization also serves to provide limited protection against losses and low-interest Receivables.
The following table shows the Notes as a percentage of the initial Pool Balance and as a percentage of the initial Adjusted Pool Balance, if the aggregate initial
          principal amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000.  The percentages may not add to the total percentage shown due to rounding.
138
The following table shows the Notes as a percentage of the initial Pool Balance and as a percentage of the initial Adjusted Pool Balance, if the aggregate initial
          principal amount of the Notes is $1,600,000,000.  The percentages may not add to the total percentage shown due to rounding.
The following table shows the Notes as a percentage of the initial Pool Balance and as a percentage of the initial Adjusted Pool Balance, if the aggregate initial
          principal amount of the Notes is $1,900,000,000.  The percentages may not add to the total percentage shown due to rounding.
The application of funds on each Payment Date according to clause (8) of the first paragraph under “
—Priority of Payments
”
          above
is designed to achieve and maintain the level of overcollateralization as of any Payment Date to the Overcollateralization Target Amount.  The overcollateralization is an additional source of funds
          to absorb losses on the Receivables that are not otherwise covered by excess collections for the Receivables, if any.
To achieve and maintain the amount of overcollateralization on any Payment Date at the Overcollateralization Target Amount, the Issuing Entity must make principal
          payments on the Notes in an amount greater than the decline in the Adjusted Pool Balance for the preceding month.  The use of Available Collections to make Regular Principal Distribution Amount payments is expected to achieve and maintain
          overcollateralization at an amount equal to the Overcollateralization Target Amount.  When the actual amount of overcollateralization is less than the Overcollateralization Target Amount, principal payments will be made to the Noteholders from
          Available Collections until the Overcollateralization Target Amount is reached.
Yield Supplement Overcollateralization Amount.
Because the Receivables include a substantial number of low APR
          Receivables, the Receivables could generate less collections of interest than the sum of (i) the Servicing Fee, (ii) fees, expenses and indemnification amounts required to be paid to the Indenture Trustee, the Owner Trustee and the Asset
          Representations Reviewer and (iii) interest payments on the Notes and any required deposits in the Reserve Account if the low APR Receivables are not adequately offset by high APR Receivables.  The yield supplement overcollateralization amount is
          intended to compensate for low APRs on some of the Receivables.
The “Yield Supplement Overcollateralization Amount” for each Payment Date, or with respect to the Closing Date, is the aggregate amount by which the Principal
          Balance as of the last day of the related Collection Period or as of the Cutoff Date, as applicable, of each of the related Receivables with an APR as stated in the related contract of less than the Required Rate, other than a Defaulted
          Receivable, exceeds the present value, calculated using a discount rate of the Required Rate, of each scheduled payment of each such Receivable assuming such scheduled payment is made on the last day of each month and each month has 30 days.
If the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,300,000,000, the Yield Supplement Overcollateralization Amount on the Closing Date will be
          $69,219,208.53, if the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is $1,600,000,000, the Yield Supplement Overcollateralization Amount on the Closing Date will be $84,873,666.84 and, if the aggregate initial principal amount of the Notes is
          $1,900,000,000, the Yield Supplement Overcollateralization Amount on the Closing Date will be $100,544,101.29.
Excess Interest
. More interest is expected to be paid by the Obligors in respect of the Receivables than is necessary to
          pay the sum of (i) the Servicing Fee, (ii) fees required to be paid to the Indenture Trustee, the Owner Trustee and the Asset Representations Reviewer and (iii) interest on the Notes each month.  Any such excess in interest payments from Obligors
          will serve as additional credit enhancement.
139
TRANSFER AND SERVICING AGREEMENTS
The Transfer and Servicing Agreements
The following summary describes certain terms of the Transfer and Servicing Agreements.  The summary does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and
          qualified in its entirety by reference to, all the provisions of the Transfer and Servicing Agreements.  Forms of the Transfer and Servicing Agreements have been filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement.  Copies of the Transfer and
          Servicing Agreements will be filed as an exhibit to a current report on Form 8-K with the SEC.  For additional information regarding reports required to be filed by the Depositor, you should refer to “
Where You
            Can Find More Information About Your Notes—The Depositor
” in this prospectus.
Sale and Assignment of Receivables
On the Closing Date, TMCC will sell and assign to the Depositor, without recourse, pursuant to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, its entire interest in the
          Receivables, including the security interests in the Financed Vehicles.  On the Closing Date, the Depositor will transfer and assign to the Issuing Entity, without recourse, pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, its entire interest in the
          Receivables, including its security interests in the related Financed Vehicles.  Each such Receivable will be identified in the transfer notice (the “Transfer Notice”) delivered to the Issuing Entity pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement. 
          The Issuing Entity will pledge its assets, including the Receivables, to the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders.  The Indenture Trustee will, concurrently with such transfer and assignment, on behalf of the Issuing Entity,
          execute and deliver the Notes and the Certificate.  The net proceeds received from the sale of the Notes will be applied to the purchase of the Receivables from TMCC and to make the required initial deposit into the accounts of the Issuing
          Entity.
Pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, to ensure uniform quality in servicing both the Receivables and the Servicer’s own portfolio of car, crossover
          utility vehicle, light-duty truck and sport utility vehicle retail installment sales contracts, as well as to reduce administrative costs, the Depositor and the Issuing Entity will designate the Servicer as custodian to maintain possession or, in
          the case of electronic contracts, control (directly or through an agent), on behalf of the Issuing Entity, of the related installment sales contracts and any other documents relating to the Receivables.  In performing its duties as custodian, the
          Servicer will act with reasonable care, using the same degree of skill and attention that the Servicer exercises with respect to the Receivable files relating to comparable automotive Receivables that the Servicer services for itself or others. 
          The Servicer will make available to the Issuing Entity and the Indenture Trustee a list of the locations of the Receivable files and the related accounts, records and computer systems maintained by the Servicer at such times during normal
          business hours as instructed by the Issuing Entity or the Indenture Trustee with reasonable advance notice.  The Receivables will not be physically segregated from other car, crossover utility vehicle, light-duty truck and sport utility vehicle
          retail installment sales contracts of the Servicer, or those which the Servicer services for others, to reflect the transfer to the Issuing Entity.  However, UCC financing statements perfecting the sale and assignment of the Receivables by TMCC
          to the Depositor and by the Depositor to the Issuing Entity and the pledge of the Receivables by the Issuing Entity to the Indenture Trustee will be filed, and the respective accounting records and computer files of TMCC and the Depositor will
          reflect such sale and assignment.  The Depositor, or the Servicer on behalf of the Depositor, will be responsible for maintaining the perfection of such interest through the filing of continuation statements or amended financing statements, as
          applicable.  Because the Receivables will remain in the possession or control of the Servicer or its agent and will not be stamped or otherwise marked to reflect the assignment to the Indenture Trustee, if a subsequent purchaser were able to take
          physical possession or, in the case of electronic Receivables, control of the Receivables without knowledge of the assignment, the Indenture Trustee’s interest in the Receivables could be defeated.  For additional information, you should refer to
          “
Risk Factors—Risks Primarily Related to the Bankruptcy and Insolvency of Transaction Parties and Perfection of Security Interests—The issuing entity’s interests in financed vehicles may be unenforceable or
            defeated
” and “
Certain Legal Aspects of the Receivables—Security Interests
” in this prospectus.  In addition, under certain circumstances the Indenture Trustee’s security interest in collections
          that have been received by the Servicer but not yet remitted to the Collection Account could be defeated.
140
Accounts
On or prior to the Closing Date, the Servicer will establish and the Securities Intermediary will maintain an account in the name of the Indenture Trustee for the
          benefit of the Noteholders (the “Collection Account”), into which collections on or in respect of the Receivables, and all amounts released from the Reserve Account, will be deposited, together with
income received
            on the investment of funds on deposit in such account.  On or prior to the Closing Date, t
he Depositor will establish and will maintain with the Securities Intermediary the Reserve Account for the benefit of the Noteholders, as described
          under “
Payments to Noteholders—Credit and Cash Flow Enhancement
” in this prospectus.
Servicing Procedures
The Servicer, for the benefit of the Issuing Entity, will manage, service, administer and make collections on the Receivables (other than Administrative Receivables
          and Warranty Receivables) with reasonable care, using the same degree of skill and attention that the Servicer exercises with respect to all comparable motor vehicle retail installment sales contracts that it services for itself or others.  The
          Servicer’s duties will include collection and posting of all payments, responding to inquiries of Obligors or federal, state or local government authorities with respect to the Receivables, investigating delinquencies, sending payment coupons to
          Obligors, reporting tax information to Obligors in accordance with its Customary Servicing Practices, policing the collateral, accounting for collections and furnishing monthly and annual statements to the Indenture Trustee and Owner Trustee with
          respect to distributions, generating U.S. federal income tax information and performing the other duties specified in the Sale and Servicing Agreement.  The Servicer will, in accordance with its Customary Servicing Practices, have full power and
          authority, acting alone, to do any and all things in connection with such managing, servicing, administration and collection that it may deem necessary or desirable.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Servicer will be
          authorized and empowered to execute and deliver, on behalf of itself, the Issuing Entity, the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee, the Securityholders or any of them, any and all instruments of satisfaction or cancellation, or of partial or full
          release or discharge and all other comparable instruments, with respect to the Receivables and the Financed Vehicles.  The Servicer is authorized to commence, in its own name or in the name of the Issuing Entity, a legal proceeding to enforce a
          defaulted Receivable or to commence or participate in a legal proceeding (including, without limitation, a bankruptcy proceeding) relating to or involving a Receivable, including a defaulted Receivable.  If the Servicer commences or participates
          in such a legal proceeding in its own name, the Issuing Entity will be deemed to have automatically assigned, solely for the purpose of collection on behalf of the party retaining an interest in such Receivable, such Receivable and the other
          related property of the Issuing Entity with respect to such Receivable to the Servicer for purposes of commencing or participating in any such proceeding as a party or claimant.  The Servicer is also authorized and empowered under the Sale and
          Servicing Agreement to execute and deliver in the Servicer’s name any notices, demands, claims, complaints, responses, affidavits or other documents or instruments in connection with any such proceeding.  If in any enforcement suit or legal
          proceeding, it will be held that the Servicer may not enforce a Receivable on the grounds that it will not be a real party in interest or a holder entitled to enforce such Receivable, the Issuing Entity will, at the Servicer’s expense and written
          direction, take steps to enforce such Receivable, including bringing suit in its name or the name of the Indenture Trustee, the Noteholders or the Certificateholders.  The Issuing Entity is required to furnish the Servicer with any powers of
          attorney and other documents and take any other steps which the Servicer may deem necessary or appropriate to enable the Servicer to carry out its servicing and administrative duties under the Sale and Servicing Agreement.
The Servicer will make reasonable efforts to collect all payments due with respect to the Receivables held by the Issuing Entity and will, consistent with the Sale
          and Servicing Agreement, follow the collection procedures it follows with respect to comparable motor vehicle retail installment sales contracts it services for itself and others.
Consistent with its normal procedures, the Servicer will be authorized to grant certain rebates, adjustments or extensions with respect to the Receivables without
          the prior written consent of the Owner Trustee or the Indenture Trustee.  However, if the amount of any Scheduled Payment due in a subsequent Collection Period is reduced as a result of any modification to the related APR or the Amount Financed
          (as defined in the Sale and Servicing Agreement), an increase in the total number of Scheduled Payments or an extension of the maturity of a Receivable beyond the end of the Collection Period preceding the Class B Final Scheduled Payment Date,
          the Servicer will be obligated to purchase such Administrative Receivable, as described below, provided that the Servicer will have no such obligation to repurchase an Administrative Receivable as a result of any such rebate, extension or
          adjustment is required to be made by law or pursuant to a court order.  However, the Servicer may, if a default, breach, violation, delinquency or event permitting acceleration under the terms of any Receivable has occurred or, in the judgment of
          the Servicer, is imminent:
141
Additionally, if at the end of the scheduled term of any Receivable, the outstanding principal balance of the Receivable is such that the final payment to be made
          by the related Obligor is larger than the regularly scheduled payment of principal and interest made by such Obligor, the Servicer may permit such Obligor to pay such remaining principal balance in more than one payment of principal and interest,
          provided that the last such payment will be due on or prior to the last day of the Collection Period preceding the Class B Final Scheduled Payment Date.  The Servicer may, in accordance with its Customary Servicing Practices, waive any late
          payment charge or any other fees that may be collected in the ordinary course of servicing the Receivables.
If the Servicer determines that eventual payment in full of a Receivable is unlikely, the Servicer will follow its Customary Servicing Practices to recover all
          amounts due upon such Receivable, including the repossession and disposition of the related Financed Vehicle at a public or private sale, or the taking of any other action permitted by applicable law.  For additional information, you should refer
          to “
Certain Legal Aspects of the Receivables
” in this prospectus.
Servicing Compensation and Payment of Expenses
The Servicing Fee, together with any previously unpaid Servicing Fee, will be paid to the Servicer on each Payment Date solely to the extent of Available
          Collections and, to the extent available, the amount on deposit in the Reserve Account.  The Servicer will be entitled to collect and retain as additional servicing compensation the Supplemental Servicing Fee (together with the Servicing Fee, the
          “Total Servicing Fee”).  For additional information, you should refer to
“—Collections
” in this prospectus.  The Servicer will be paid the Servicing Fee for each Collection Period on the following Payment
          Date related to that Collection Period.  The Servicing Fee will be paid from Available Collections in accordance with the priority of payments described under “
Payments to Noteholders––Priority of Payments
”
          in this prospectus.
The Total Servicing Fee will compensate the Servicer for performing the functions of a third-party servicer of Receivables as an agent for their beneficial owner,
          including collecting and processing payments, responding to inquiries of Obligors on the Receivables, investigating delinquencies, sending payment statements, paying costs of the sale or other disposition of the Financed Vehicles, collections and
          servicing the Receivables, including accounting for collections.  The Total Servicing Fee will also compensate the Servicer for administering the Receivables, including furnishing monthly and annual statements to the Owner Trustee and Indenture
          Trustee with respect to payments and generating U.S. federal income tax information for the Issuing Entity and for the Securityholders.  The Total Servicing Fee will also reimburse the Servicer for certain taxes, accounting fees, outside auditor
          fees, data processing costs and other costs incurred in connection with administering the Receivables.
As compensation for the performance of the Administrator’s obligations and as reimbursement for its expenses related thereto, the Administrator will be entitled to
          a monthly administration fee, which will be paid by the Servicer from the Total Servicing Fee.
Insurance on Financed Vehicles
Each Receivable requires the related Obligor to possess physical damage insurance which covers loss or damage to the Financed Vehicle in an amount not less than the
          full value of the vehicle, and to provide evidence of such insurance upon TMCC’s request.  TMCC is required to be named as loss payee under such insurance policies.  Since the Obligors may select their own insurers to provide the requisite
          coverage, the specific terms and conditions of their policies may vary.  The terms of each Receivable allow, but do not require, TMCC to obtain any such coverage on behalf of the Obligor.  In accordance with its normal servicing procedures, TMCC
          currently does not exercise its right to obtain insurance coverage on behalf of the Obligor.  TMCC currently does not monitor ongoing customer insurance coverage in connection with its Customary Servicing Practices.  In the event that the failure
          of an Obligor to maintain any such required insurance results in a shortfall in amounts to be paid to Securityholders, to
142
the extent such shortfall is not covered by amounts on deposit in the Reserve Account or other methods of credit enhancement, the Securityholders could suffer a loss on their
          investment.
Collections
Except as described under “
—Servicing Compensation and Payment of Expenses
” above, the Servicer will deposit all payments
          on the Receivables (from whatever source) and all proceeds of such Receivables collected during each Collection Period into the Collection Account.
For as long as (i) TMCC is the Servicer, (ii) no Event of Default or Servicer Default shall have occurred and be continuing, and (iii) TMCC’s unsecured debt ratings
          satisfy certain requirements or are otherwise acceptable to each Rating Agency, as required under the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Servicer generally may retain all payments on or in respect of the Receivables received from Obligors and all
          proceeds of Receivables collected during each Collection Period without segregation in its own accounts until deposited in the Collection Account on or prior to the related Payment Date.  However, if the conditions stated in the immediately
          preceding sentence are not met, the Servicer will deposit all such payments and proceeds into the Collection Account not later than two Business Days after receipt and identification thereof.  Pending deposit into the Collection Account, the
          Servicer may invest collections at its own risk and for its own benefit.  Such amounts will not be segregated from its own funds.  The Servicer, at its own risk and for its own benefit, may instruct the Indenture Trustee in writing to invest
          amounts held in the Collection Account in Eligible Investments from the time deposited until the related Payment Date.  The Depositor, at its own risk and for its own benefit, may instruct the Indenture Trustee to invest amounts held in the
          Reserve Account, if any, in Eligible Investments from each Payment Date (or the Closing Date) to the next Payment Date.  The Sponsor or the Servicer, as the case may be, will remit the aggregate Warranty Purchase Payments and Administrative
          Purchase Payments, respectively, of any Receivables to be purchased from the Issuing Entity into the Collection Account on or before the related Payment Date.  Prior to an Event of Default or a Servicer Default, all decisions regarding deposits
          and withdrawals from the Collection Account will be made by the Servicer in accordance with the terms of the Transfer and Servicing Agreements and will not be independently verified.
The Servicer will not be required to, and is not expected to, make advances of interest or principal payments on the Receivables.
Collections on or in respect of a Receivable made during a Collection Period (including Warranty Purchase Payments and Administrative Purchase Payments) which are
          not late fees, extension fees or certain other similar fees or charges will be applied to the related Scheduled Payment.  Any collections on or in respect of a Receivable remaining after such applications will be considered an “Excess Payment.” 
          Excess Payments will be applied as a prepayment.  On the records and computer systems maintained by the Servicer, Excess Payments that do not constitute a prepayment in full typically result in future payments not being due on such Receivable in
          the amount of such Excess Payments.
Eligible Investments
Funds in the Collection Account and the Reserve Account (collectively, the “Trust Accounts”) will be invested, at the direction of the Servicer, in Eligible
          Investments.
“Eligible Investments” means, at any time, any one or more of the following obligations and securities, which are subject to other requirements as specified in the
          Sale and Servicing Agreement: (a) obligations of, and obligations fully guaranteed as to timely payment of principal and interest by, the United States or any agency thereof, provided such obligations are backed by the full faith and credit of
          the United States; (b) general obligations of or obligations guaranteed by Federal National Mortgage Association, or any State of the United States, the District of Columbia or the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico which obligations are rated in the
          highest available credit rating for such obligations of each Rating Agency; (c) certificates of deposit issued by any depository institution or trust company (including the Indenture Trustee or any affiliate of the Indenture Trustee) incorporated
          under the laws of the United States or of any State thereof, the District of Columbia or the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and subject to supervision and examination by banking authorities of one or more of such jurisdictions, provided that the
          short-term unsecured debt obligations of such depository institution or trust company are then rated the highest available rating of each Rating Agency for such obligations; (d) certificates of deposit, commercial paper, demand or time deposits
          of, bankers’ acceptances issued by, or federal funds sold by, any depository institution or trust company (including the Indenture Trustee or any affiliate of the Indenture Trustee) incorporated under the laws of the United States or any State
          and subject to supervision and examination by federal and/or State banking authorities
143
and the deposits of which are fully insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the “FDIC”), so long as at the time of such investment or contractual commitment providing
          for such investment, either such depository institution or trust company is an Eligible Institution (or if such investment will mature after more than one month, the long-term, unsecured debt of the issuer has the highest available rating from
          each Rating Agency) or in respect of which the Rating Agency Condition has been satisfied; (e) certificates of deposit issued by any bank, trust company, savings bank or other savings institution that is an Eligible Institution and is fully
          insured by the FDIC (or if such investment will mature after more than one month, the long-term, unsecured debt of the issuer has the highest available rating from each Rating Agency); (f) repurchase obligations held by the Indenture Trustee that
          are acceptable to the Indenture Trustee with respect to any security described in clauses (a), (b) or (g) hereof or any other security issued or guaranteed by any other agency or instrumentality of the United States, in either case entered into
          with a federal agency or a depository institution or trust company (acting as principal) described in clause (d) above (including the Indenture Trustee), subject to the limitations described in the Sale and Servicing Agreement; (g) securities
          bearing interest or sold at a discount issued by any corporation incorporated under the laws of the United States or any State (including commercial paper of the Sponsor or its affiliates) so long as, at the time of such investment or contractual
          commitment providing for such investment, (i) the long-term, unsecured debt, or if such securities are commercial paper, the short-term unsecured debt, of such corporation has the highest available rating from each Rating Agency or (ii) the
          Rating Agency Condition has been satisfied in respect of such investment; (h) money market funds, mutual funds or other pooled investment vehicles, including any such fund for which the Indenture Trustee or an affiliate thereof serves as an
          investment advisor, administrator, shareholder servicing agent and/or custodian or subcustodian, subject to the requirements described in the Sale and Servicing Agreement; (i) investments in Eligible Investments maintained in “sweep accounts,”
          short-term asset management accounts and the like utilized for the investment, on an overnight basis, of residual balances in investment accounts maintained at the Indenture Trustee or any other depository institution or trust company (including
          the Indenture Trustee) incorporated under the laws of the United States or any State and subject to supervision and examination by federal and/or State banking authorities and the deposits of which are fully insured by the FDIC, so long as, at
          the time of such investment or contractual commitment providing for such investment, either such depository institution or trust company is an Eligible Institution (or if such investment will mature after more than one month, the long-term,
          unsecured debt of the issuer has the highest available rating from each Rating Agency) or in respect of which the Rating Agency Condition has been satisfied; and (j) such other investments in respect of which the Rating Agency Condition has been
          satisfied; provided that each of the foregoing investments will mature or be liquidated (i) on the Payment Date next succeeding such investment or (ii) if the short-term unsecured debt obligations of the Indenture Trustee has the highest
          available rating from each Rating Agency on the date such investment is made, on the Business Day immediately preceding the Payment Date next succeeding such investment.  Eligible Investments are limited to obligations or securities that mature
          on or before the next Payment Date.  However, to the extent permitted by the Rating Agencies, funds in any Trust Account may be invested in securities that will not mature prior to the date of the next payment with respect to such Notes and will
          not be sold to meet any shortfalls.  Thus, the amount of cash in the accounts of the Issuing Entity at any time may be less than the balance of the amount specified for their respective purposes.  If the amount required to be withdrawn from the
          Reserve Account to cover shortfalls in collections on the Receivables exceeds the aggregate amount of cash in the available credit enhancement methods, a temporary shortfall in the amounts paid to the related Noteholders could result, which
          could, in turn, increase the weighted average lives of the Notes.  Investment earnings on funds deposited in the Trust Accounts, net of losses and investment expenses (collectively, “Investment Earnings”), will be released to the Servicer on each
          Payment Date as additional servicing compensation, or to the Depositor (in the case of Investment Earnings in the Reserve Account).
The Trust Accounts will be maintained as either (a) a segregated account with an Eligible Institution or (b) a segregated account with an Eligible Trust Account
          Institution (an “Eligible Deposit Account”).  “Eligible Institution” means a depository institution or trust company (which may be the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee or any of their respective affiliates) organized under the laws of the
          United States of America or any one of the states thereof or the District of Columbia (or any domestic branch of a foreign bank), (i) which has either (A) a long-term unsecured debt rating acceptable to the Rating Agencies, (B) a short-term
          unsecured debt rating or certificate of deposit rating acceptable to the Rating Agencies or (C) such other rating that is acceptable to each Rating Agency and (ii) whose deposits are insured by the FDIC.  “Eligible Trust Account Institution”
          means the corporate trust department of a depository institution organized under the laws of the United States of America or any one of the states thereof or the District of Columbia (or any domestic branch of a foreign bank), having corporate
          trust powers and acting as trustee for funds deposited in such account, so long as any of the securities of such depository institution have a credit rating acceptable to the Rating Agencies.  In the event that any Trust Account is no longer an
          Eligible Deposit Account, then the Servicer will, with the Indenture Trustee’s assistance as necessary, use
144
reasonable efforts to cause that Trust Account to be moved to an Eligible Institution or Eligible Trust Account Institution within 60 days.
Payments
Beginning on the Payment Date in May 2026, payments on each class of Notes will be made by the Indenture Trustee to the Noteholders and payments on the Certificates
          will be made by the Owner Trustee to the Certificateholders.
Net Deposits
As an administrative convenience, unless the Servicer is required to remit collections daily as described under “
—Collections
”
          above, the Servicer will be permitted to make the deposit of collections and amounts deposited in respect of purchases of Receivables by the Depositor or the Servicer for or with respect to the related Collection Period net of payments to be made
          to the Servicer with respect to such Collection Period.  The Servicer, however, will account to the Indenture Trustee and the Owner Trustee as if all of the foregoing deposits, payments, distributions and transfers were made individually.
Optional Purchase of Receivables and Redemption of Notes
In order to avoid excessive administrative expenses, the Notes will be redeemed in whole, but not in part, on any Payment Date on which the Servicer exercises its
          clean-up call option to purchase the Receivables.  The Servicer, or any successor to the Servicer, may purchase the Receivables on any Payment Date on or after the Payment Date when the Pool Balance is equal to or less than 5% of the Pool Balance
          as of the Cutoff Date, as described under “
––Termination
” below, for a purchase price equal to (i) the Redemption Price plus (ii) all outstanding fees, expenses and indemnification amounts payable by the
          Issuing Entity under the Transfer and Servicing Agreements.  The “Redemption Price” for the outstanding Notes will be equal to at least the sum of the unpaid principal amount of the outstanding Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon. 
          Upon receipt of written notice thereof, the Owner Trustee or the Indenture Trustee will give written notice of termination to each Securityholder.
Removal of Servicer
If a Servicer Default occurs, either the Indenture Trustee (at the written direction of the holders of Notes evidencing not less than a majority of the aggregate
          principal amount of the Notes of the Controlling Class then outstanding, acting together as a single class) or the holders of Notes evidencing not less than a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the Controlling Class then
          outstanding (excluding for such purposes the aggregate outstanding principal amount of any Notes held of record or beneficially owned by TMCC, TAFR LLC or any of their affiliates), voting together as a single class, may terminate the rights and
          obligations of the Servicer under the Sale and Servicing Agreement, or waive any Servicer Default, without the consent of the Certificateholder.
Each of the following is a “Servicer Default” as specified in the Sale and Servicing Agreement:
145
received (i) by the Servicer from the Owner Trustee or the Indenture Trustee or (ii) by the Servicer and the Owner Trustee and Indenture Trustee, from the holders
          of Notes evidencing not less than a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the Controlling Class then outstanding (excluding for such purposes the aggregate outstanding principal amount of any Notes held of record or
          beneficially owned by TMCC, TAFR LLC or any of their affiliates), acting together as a single class; or
provided, however, that a delay or failure of performance referred to under clauses (a) or (b) above for an additional period of 60 days will not constitute a Servicer Default if
          such delay or failure was caused by force majeure or other similar occurrence.
“Insolvency Event” means, (a) the filing of a decree or order for relief by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in respect of the Servicer or any
          substantial part of its property in an involuntary case under any applicable federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator
          or similar official for the Servicer or for any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding-up or liquidation of the Servicer’s affairs, and such decree or order remains unstayed and in effect for a period of 60 consecutive days; or
          (b) the commencement by the Servicer of a voluntary case under any applicable federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, or the consent by the Servicer to the entry of an order for relief in an
          involuntary case under any such law, or the consent by the Servicer to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator or similar official for the Servicer or for any substantial part
          of its property, or the making by the Servicer of any general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the failure by the Servicer generally to pay its debts as such debts become due, or the taking of action by the Servicer in furtherance of
          any of the foregoing.
Upon receipt of written notice of the occurrence of a Servicer Default, the Administrator will give prompt written notice thereof to the Rating Agencies.
For additional information regarding the removal of the Servicer, you should refer to “
––Rights upon Servicer Default
”
          below.
Statements to Trustees and Issuing Entity
On each Determination Date, the Servicer will provide to the Indenture Trustee and the Owner Trustee a statement setting forth substantially the same information
          as is required to be provided in the periodic reports provided to Securityholders described under “
Description of the Notes—Reports to Securityholders
” in this prospectus.
Evidence as to Compliance
The Sale and Servicing Agreement will provide that a firm of nationally recognized independent accountants will furnish to the Issuing Entity, Administrator,
          Indenture Trustee and Owner Trustee annually a statement as to compliance in all material respects by the Servicer with certain standards relating to the servicing of the applicable Receivables during the preceding twelve months (or, in the case
          of the first such certificate, from the applicable Closing Date, which will be a shorter period).
The Sale and Servicing Agreement will also provide for delivery to the Issuing Entity, Indenture Trustee and Owner Trustee, substantially simultaneously with the
          delivery of such accountants’ statement referred to above, of a certificate signed by an officer of the Servicer stating that the Servicer has fulfilled its obligations under the Sale and Servicing Agreement throughout the preceding twelve months
          (or, in the case of the first such certificate, from the Closing Date) in all material respects or, if there has been a material default in the fulfillment of any such obligation, describing each such default.  The Servicer has agreed to give the
          Indenture Trustee and the Owner Trustee notice of certain Servicer Defaults under the Sale and Servicing Agreement.
The Sale and Servicing Agreement will require the Servicer to furnish to the Issuing Entity and the Indenture Trustee any report or information required to
          facilitate compliance by the Issuing Entity with Subpart 229.1100 – Asset Backed Securities (Regulation AB), 17 C.F.R. §§229.1100-229.1125, as that regulation may be amended from time to time, and subject to such clarification and interpretation
          as have been provided by the SEC in
146
the related adopting releases or by the staff of the Commission, or as may be provided by the Commission or its staff from time to time.
Copies of such statements and certificates may be obtained by Noteholders by a request in writing addressed to the Indenture Trustee.
Certain Matters Regarding the Servicer; Servicer Liability
The Sale and Servicing Agreement will provide that TMCC may not resign from its obligations and duties as Servicer under the Sale and Servicing Agreement, except
          upon determination that TMCC’s performance of such duties is no longer permissible under applicable law, except as provided in the immediately following paragraph.  No such resignation will become effective until the Indenture Trustee or a
          successor servicer has assumed TMCC’s servicing obligations and duties under the Sale and Servicing Agreement.
Under the circumstances specified in the Sale and Servicing Agreement, any entity into which the Servicer may be merged or consolidated, or any entity resulting
          from any merger or consolidation to which the Servicer is a party, or any entity succeeding to all or substantially all of the business of the Servicer will be the successor of the Servicer under the Sale and Servicing Agreement.
The Sale and Servicing Agreement will further provide that neither the Servicer nor any of its directors, officers, employees and agents will be under any
          liability to the Issuing Entity or the Securityholders for taking any action or for refraining from taking any action pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement or for errors in judgment; except that neither the Servicer nor any such person
          will be protected against any liability that would otherwise be imposed by reason of willful misfeasance, bad faith or negligence in the performance of the Servicer’s duties under the Sale and Servicing Agreement or by reason of reckless
          disregard of its obligations and duties under the Sale and Servicing Agreement.  In addition, the Sale and Servicing Agreement will provide that the Servicer is under no obligation to appear in, prosecute or defend any legal action that is not
          incidental to the Servicer’s servicing responsibilities under the Sale and Servicing Agreement and that, in its opinion, may cause it to incur any expense or liability.
Upon a termination of the Servicer, the Indenture Trustee (at the written direction of not less than a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of
          the Controlling Class then outstanding, acting together as a single class) will select and appoint a successor servicer to perform the outgoing Servicer’s duties and undertake its responsibilities and liabilities.  The appointed successor
          servicer must be an established financial institution with a net worth of at least $25,000,000 and whose regular business includes the servicing of contracts.  The successor servicer will hold all the rights of the outgoing Servicer under the
          Transfer and Servicing Agreements and will be entitled to receive the Total Servicing Fee.  No successor servicer appointed in accordance with the Transfer and Servicing Agreements may resign from its duties unless the law prohibits it from
          continuing to perform such duties.
Upon the termination or resignation of the Servicer, the outgoing Servicer will transfer all cash amounts that are to be held by the successor servicer to the
          successor servicer and will provide the successor servicer with all information regarding the Receivable files that is required for the proper servicing of the Receivables. All reasonable and documented costs, expenses and fees incurred in
          connection with the transfer of Receivable files to the successor servicer under the provisions described in this paragraph will be paid by the outgoing Servicer.  Any such costs, expenses and fees not paid by the outgoing Servicer within 90 days
          will be paid solely from the application of Available Collections in accordance with the priority of payments described under “
Payments to Noteholders—Priority of Payments
” in this prospectus.  The Owner
          Trustee and the Indenture Trustee will provide prompt written notice of any resignation or termination of the Servicer to the Certificateholders and Noteholders, respectively, upon either occurrence.
Rights upon Servicer Default
As long as a Servicer Default under the Sale and Servicing Agreement remains unremedied, either the Indenture Trustee (at the written direction of the holders of
          Notes evidencing not less than a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the Controlling Class then outstanding, acting together as a single class) or holders of Notes evidencing not less than a majority of the aggregate
          principal amount of the Notes of the Controlling Class then outstanding, acting together as a single class (excluding for such purposes the aggregate outstanding principal amount of any Notes held of record or beneficially owned by TMCC, TAFR LLC
          or any of
147
their affiliates), may terminate all the rights and obligations of the Servicer under the Sale and Servicing Agreement (except for obligations that expressly survive termination),
          whereupon the Indenture Trustee or a successor servicer appointed by the Indenture Trustee will succeed to all the responsibilities, duties and liabilities of the Servicer under the Sale and Servicing Agreement and will be entitled to similar
          compensation arrangements;
provided, however
, that the Indenture Trustee, as successor Servicer, will have no obligations with respect to the payment or reimbursement of fees, expenses or other amounts
          (including indemnities other than those resulting from the actions of the Indenture Trustee as successor Servicer) of the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee or the Asset Representations Reviewer, the fees and expenses of the Owner Trustee’s
          attorneys, the Indenture Trustee’s attorneys, or the Asset Representations Reviewer’s attorneys, the fees and expenses of any custodian and the fees and expenses of independent accountants or expenses incurred in connection with distributions and
          reports to the Noteholders.  If the Servicer becomes a debtor in bankruptcy or, if not eligible to be a debtor in bankruptcy, becomes the subject of insolvency proceedings, and no Servicer Default other than such commencement of a bankruptcy or
          insolvency proceeding has occurred, the Indenture Trustee or such Noteholders may be unable to effect a transfer of servicing.  In the event that the Indenture Trustee is unwilling or unable to so act, it may appoint (at the written direction of
          not less than a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the Controlling Class then outstanding, acting together as a single class), or petition a court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of, a successor with a net
          worth of at least $25,000,000 and whose regular business includes the servicing of Receivables.  The Indenture Trustee may make such arrangements for compensation to be paid, which in no event may be greater than the servicing compensation to the
          Servicer under the Sale and Servicing Agreement.  In no event will the Indenture Trustee be liable for any servicing fee or for any differential between the amount of the servicing fee paid to TMCC, as Servicer, and the amount necessary to induce
          any successor Servicer to act as successor Servicer. Notwithstanding any termination of the Servicer, the Servicer will be entitled to payment of certain amounts payable to it prior to such termination for services rendered prior to such
          termination.
Waiver of Past Defaults
The holders of Notes evidencing not less than a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the Controlling Class then outstanding (excluding for
          such purposes the aggregate outstanding principal amount of any Notes held of record or beneficially owned by TMCC, TAFR LLC or any of their affiliates), acting together as a single class, may, on behalf of all such Noteholders, waive any default
          by the Servicer in the performance of its obligations under the Sale and Servicing Agreement and its consequences, except a Servicer Default in making any required deposits to or payments from any of the Trust Accounts in accordance with the Sale
          and Servicing Agreement.  Upon any such waiver of a past default, such Servicer Default will cease to exist and will be deemed to have been remedied.  No such waiver will impair such Noteholders’ rights with respect to subsequent defaults.
Amendment
Each of the Transfer and Servicing Agreements may be amended by the parties thereto (including, in the case of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, with the consent of
          the Owner Trustee in the event that it would be affected by such amendment), without the consent of the Securityholders, to cure any ambiguity, to correct or supplement any provisions in the Transfer and Servicing Agreements or for the purpose of
          adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of such Transfer and Servicing Agreements or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Noteholders; provided, that either (i) an officer’s certificate has
          been delivered by the Servicer to the Indenture Trustee certifying that such officer reasonably believes that such amendment will not materially and adversely affect the interest of any Noteholder or (ii) the Rating Agency Condition has been
          satisfied with respect to such amendment.  Each Transfer and Servicing Agreement may also be amended by the parties thereto, without the consent of the Securityholders, for the purpose of conforming the provisions in such agreement to the
          descriptions thereof contained in this prospectus.
Each Transfer and Servicing Agreement may also be amended by the parties thereto (including, in the case of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, with the consent of
          the Owner Trustee in the event that it would be affected by such amendment) without the consent of any Securityholder for the purpose of changing the formula or percentage for determining the Specified Reserve Account Balance, the manner in which
          the Reserve Account is funded, changing the remittance schedule for deposit of collections in accounts or changing the definition of Eligible Investments if the Rating Agency Condition has been satisfied with respect to such amendment.
The Transfer and Servicing Agreements may also be amended by the parties thereto (including, in the case of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, with the consent of
          the Owner Trustee in the event that it would be affected by
148
such amendment) with the consent of the Indenture Trustee and with prior notice to the Rating Agencies, for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or
          eliminating any of the provisions of any such agreement or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Securityholders under such agreement; provided, that if the interests of the Noteholders are materially and adversely affected, the holders of
          Notes evidencing not less than a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the Controlling Class then outstanding (excluding for such purposes the aggregate outstanding principal amount of any Notes held of record or beneficially
          owned by TMCC, TAFR LLC or any of their affiliates), acting together as a single class, have consented to such amendment.
However, no amendment to a Transfer and Servicing Agreement may (x) increase or reduce in any manner the amount of, or accelerate or delay the timing of,
          collections of payments on the related Receivables or distributions that are required to be made for the benefit of such Securityholders without the consent of all Securityholders adversely affected thereby, or (y) reduce the percentage of the
          Notes or the Certificate which are required to consent to any such amendment without the consent of the Securityholders adversely affected thereby; provided, that any amendment referred to in clause (x) or (y) above will be deemed to not
          adversely affect any Class A Noteholder if the Rating Agency Condition has been satisfied with respect to such amendment.  No amendment referred to in clause (x) in the immediately preceding sentence will be permitted unless an officer’s
          certificate has been delivered by the Servicer to the Indenture Trustee certifying that such officer reasonably believes that such proposed amendment will not materially and adversely affect the interest of any such Noteholder whose consent was
          not obtained.
Notwithstanding anything under this heading or in any other transaction document to the contrary, the Sale and Servicing Agreement may be amended by the Depositor
          and the Administrator without the consent of any Noteholder or any other Person, and without satisfying any other provisions of the Sale and Servicing Agreement related to amendments thereto or in any other transaction document, solely in
          connection with any SOFR Adjustment Conforming Changes or, following the determination of a Benchmark Replacement, any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes to be made by the Administrator; provided, that the Issuing Entity has delivered
          notice of such amendment to the Rating Agencies on or prior to the date such amendment is executed; provided, further, that any such SOFR Adjustment Conforming Changes or any such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will not affect the
          Indenture Trustee’s or the Owner Trustee’s rights, indemnities or obligations without the Indenture Trustee’s or the Owner Trustee’s consent, respectively. For the avoidance of doubt, any SOFR Adjustment Conforming Changes or any Benchmark
          Replacement Conforming Changes in any amendment to the Sale and Servicing Agreement may be retroactive (including retroactive to the Benchmark Replacement Date) and the Sale and Servicing Agreement may be amended more than once in connection with
          any SOFR Adjustment Conforming Changes or any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes.
For additional information regarding the modification of the Indenture, see “
Description of the Notes—Indenture
” in this
          prospectus.
Non-Petition
The Trust Agreement will provide that the Owner Trustee does not have the power to commence a voluntary proceeding in bankruptcy with respect to the Issuing Entity
          without the unanimous prior approval of all Certificateholders (including the Depositor) of the Issuing Entity and the delivery to the Owner Trustee by each such Certificateholder (including the Depositor) of a certificate certifying that such
          Certificateholder reasonably believes that the Issuing Entity is insolvent.
In addition, each Transfer and Servicing Agreement will contain a non-petition clause, whereunder all applicable parties covenant not to institute any bankruptcy
          or insolvency proceedings (or take any related actions) against either the Issuing Entity or the Depositor at any time in connection with any obligations relating to the Notes or any of the Transfer and Servicing Agreements.
Payment of Notes
Upon the payment in full of all outstanding Notes and the satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture, the Owner Trustee will succeed to all the rights of the
          Indenture Trustee, and the Certificateholders will succeed to all the rights of the Noteholders, under the Sale and Servicing Agreement, except as otherwise provided in the Sale and Servicing Agreement.
149
Depositor Liability
Under the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Depositor will agree to be liable directly to an injured party solely to the extent described in the Sale and Servicing
          Agreement.
Termination
With respect to the Issuing Entity, the obligations of the Servicer, the Depositor, the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee, as the case may be, pursuant to
          the Transfer and Servicing Agreements, will terminate upon the payment by the Issuing Entity of all outstanding fees, expenses and indemnification amounts payable by the Issuing Entity under the Transfer and Servicing Agreements and the earlier
          of (i) the maturity or other liquidation of the last Receivable and the disposition of any funds on deposit in the Issuing Entity’s accounts and any amounts received upon liquidation of any property remaining in the Issuing Entity and (ii) the
          payment to Noteholders, if any, and Certificateholders of all amounts required to be paid to them pursuant to the Transfer and Servicing Agreements.
The Indenture Trustee will give written notice of termination to each Noteholder of record. The final distribution to any Noteholder will be made only upon
          surrender and cancellation of that holder’s Note at any office or agency of the Indenture Trustee specified in the notice of termination.  Any funds remaining in the Issuing Entity, after the Indenture Trustee has taken measures to locate
          Noteholders as described in the Sale and Servicing Agreement or Indenture and those measures have failed, will be distributed, subject to applicable law, as provided in the Indenture or the Trust Agreement, as applicable.
Upon termination of the Issuing Entity, the Owner Trustee (acting at the direction of the Certificateholders) will, or will direct the
          Indenture Trustee to, promptly sell the assets of the Issuing Entity (other than the Trust Accounts) in a commercially reasonable manner and on commercially reasonable terms.  The proceeds from any such sale, disposition or liquidation of the
          Trust Estate of the Issuing Entity will be treated as collections on the Receivables and deposited in the Collection Account.  With respect to the Issuing Entity, if the proceeds from the liquidation of the Trust Estate and any amounts on deposit
          in the accounts of the Issuing Entity and the Collection Account are not sufficient to pay the Notes in full, the amount of principal returned to Noteholders will be reduced and some or all of such Noteholders will incur a loss.
Any outstanding Notes will be redeemed concurrently with any of the events specified above and the subsequent payment to the Certificateholders of all amounts
          required to be paid to them pursuant to the Trust Agreement will effect early retirement of the Certificate.
Administration Agreement
Pursuant to the Administration Agreement, the Administrator will agree, to the extent provided in such Administration Agreement, to perform all of its duties as
          Administrator (including in relation to any Benchmark Transition Event) and certain administrative obligations of the Issuing Entity.  As compensation for the performance of such obligations, the Administrator will be entitled to a monthly
          administration fee, which will be paid to it by the Servicer from the Total Servicing Fee.
The Administrator may not resign or be removed until (i) a successor administrator is appointed by the Issuing Entity, (ii) such successor administrator has agreed
          in writing to be bound by the terms of the Administration Agreement in the same manner as the Administrator and (iii) the Rating Agency Condition has been satisfied in respect of such action.
Under the circumstances specified in the Administration Agreement, any entity into which the Administrator may be merged or consolidated, or any entity resulting
          from any merger or consolidation to which the Administrator is a party, or any entity succeeding to all or substantially all of the business of the Administrator will be the successor of the Administrator under such Administration Agreement.
The Administration Agreement may be amended by a written amendment signed by the Issuing Entity, the Administrator, the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee, but
          without the consent of the Noteholders or the Certificateholders, for the purpose of adding any provisions to or modifying or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of the Administration Agreement; provided, however, that an
          officer’s certificate is delivered by the Servicer to the Indenture Trustee in connection with such amendment certifying that either (i) such officer reasonably believes such amendment will not, adversely affect in any material respect the
          interests of any
150
Noteholder or (ii) the Rating Agency Condition has been satisfied with respect to such amendment.  The Administration Agreement may also be amended by the parties thereto, without the
          consent of the Securityholders, for the purpose of conforming the provisions in the Administration Agreement to the descriptions thereof contained in this prospectus.
Investor Communications
A Noteholder or a Verified Beneficial Owner may send a written request to the Administrator stating that the Noteholder or Verified Beneficial Owner is interested
          in communicating with other Noteholders and Beneficial Owners about the possible exercise of rights under the transaction documents. The Administrator has agreed in the Administration Agreement to include in the Form 10-D for any Collection
          Period any written request received by the Administrator during that Collection Period from a Noteholder or Verified Beneficial Owner to communicate with other Noteholders and Note Owners regarding exercising their rights under the transaction
          documents.
Upon receipt of such a request, the Administrator will include in the Form 10-D for the relevant Collection Period the following information:
The Administrator is not required to include any additional information in the Form 10-D, and is required to disclose a Noteholder’s or a Verified Beneficial
          Owner’s request only where the communication relates to the exercise by a Noteholder or a Verified Beneficial Owner of its rights under the transaction documents.  The expenses of administering the foregoing investor communication provisions will
          be the responsibility of the Administrator.
CERTAIN LEGAL ASPECTS OF THE RECEIVABLES
General
The transfer of the Receivables to the Issuing Entity and the pledge of the Receivables to the Indenture Trustee, the perfection of the interests in the Receivables
          and the enforcement of rights to realize on the Financed Vehicles as collateral for the Receivables are subject to a number of federal and state laws, including the UCC as in effect in various states.  The Servicer and the Depositor will take the
          actions described below to perfect the rights of the Indenture Trustee in the Receivables.  If another party purchases (including the taking of a security interest in) the Receivables for new value in the ordinary course of its business, without
          actual knowledge of the Issuing Entity’s interest, and takes possession or, in the case of electronic Receivables, control of the Receivables, that purchaser would acquire an interest in the Receivables superior to the interest of the Issuing
          Entity and the Indenture Trustee.
Security Interests
General.
In states in which retail installment sales contracts such as the Receivables evidence the credit sale of cars,
          crossover utility vehicles, light-duty trucks and sport utility vehicles by dealers to Obligors, the contracts also constitute personal property security agreements and include grants of security interests in the vehicles under the UCC in effect
          in the applicable state(s).  Perfection of security interests in financed cars, crossover utility vehicles, light-duty trucks and sport utility vehicles is generally governed by the motor vehicle registration laws of the state in which the
          vehicle is located.  In most states, a security interest in a car, crossover utility vehicle, light-duty truck or sport utility vehicle is perfected by obtaining possession of the certificate of title to the Financed Vehicle or by a notation of
          the secured party’s lien on the vehicle’s certificate of title, as applicable.
All retail installment sales contracts acquired by TMCC from Dealers name TMCC as obligee or assignee and as the secured party.  TMCC’s possession of tangible
          contracts and its control of electronic contracts perfects its
151
interest in the contracts against the Dealers and their creditors and also provides TMCC priority over any prior secured creditor, such as an inventory financer, that has a security
          interest in the contracts.  TMCC also takes all actions necessary under the laws of the state in which the related Financed Vehicle is located to perfect its security interest in that Financed Vehicle, including, where applicable, having a
          notation of its lien recorded on the related certificate of title or with the department of motor vehicles of such state and, where applicable, obtaining possession of that certificate of title.  Because TMCC continues to service the contracts as
          Servicer under the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Obligors on the contracts will not be notified of the sale from TMCC to the Depositor or the sale from the Depositor to the Issuing Entity.
Perfection.
Pursuant to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, TMCC will sell and assign its interest in the Receivables,
          including its security interest in the Financed Vehicles to the Depositor and, pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Depositor will sell and assign its interest in the Receivables, including its security interest in the Financed
          Vehicles to the Issuing Entity.  The Issuing Entity will pledge its interest in the Receivables, including its security interest in the Financed Receivables to the Indenture Trustee.  UCC financing statements with respect to the transfer to the
          Depositor of TMCC’s interest in the Receivables, including its security interest in the Financed Vehicles, the transfer to the Issuing Entity of the Depositor’s interest in the Receivables, including its security interest in the Financed Vehicles
          and the transfer to the Indenture Trustee of the Issuing Entity’s interest in the Receivables, including its security interest in the Financed Vehicles will be filed with the appropriate governmental authorities.  However, because of the
          administrative burden and expense, none of TMCC, the Depositor, the Issuing Entity or the Indenture Trustee will amend any certificate of title to identify the Issuing Entity or the Indenture Trustee as the new secured party on such certificate
          of title relating to a Financed Vehicle.  The Servicer will continue to hold any certificates of title relating to the vehicles in its possession as custodian for the Depositor and the Issuing Entity pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement.
The requirements for the creation, perfection, transfer and release of liens in Financed Vehicles generally are governed by state law and thus vary on a
          state-by-state basis. Failure to comply with these detailed requirements could result in liability to the Issuing Entity or the release of the lien on the vehicle or other adverse consequences.
In most states, an assignment of contracts and interests in motor vehicles such as that under the Receivables Purchase Agreement or the Sale and Servicing
          Agreement is an effective conveyance of a security interest and the assignee succeeds thereby to the assignor’s rights as secured party.  In those states, the Issuing Entity will have a perfected security interest in the vehicles even though the
          Issuing Entity’s or the Indenture Trustee’s security interest will not be noted on a vehicle’s certificate of title, as discussed above.  In those states, in the absence of fraud or forgery by the vehicle owner or the Servicer or administrative
          error by state or local agencies, the notation of TMCC’s lien on the certificates of title will be sufficient to protect the Issuing Entity against the rights of subsequent purchasers of a Financed Vehicle or subsequent lenders who take a
          security interest in a Financed Vehicle.  However, the security interest of the Issuing Entity and the Indenture Trustee in the vehicle could be defeated through fraud or forgery by the vehicle owner or the Servicer or administrative error by
          state or local agencies because neither the Issuing Entity nor the Indenture Trustee will be listed as lienholder on the certificates of title.  For example, the State of New York passed legislation allowing a dealer of used motor vehicles to
          have the lien of a prior lienholder in a motor vehicle released, and to have a new certificate of title with respect to that motor vehicle reissued without the notation of the prior lienholder’s lien, upon submission to the Commissioner of the
          New York Department of Motor Vehicles of evidence that the prior lien has been satisfied without any signature or formal release by the prior lienholder. It is possible that, as a result of fraud, forgery, negligence or error, a lien on a
          Financed Vehicle could be released without prior payment in full of the Receivable.  In the other states, the amendment of any lien noted on a vehicle’s certificate of title is required to effectively convey the related security interest.  In the
          Receivables Purchase Agreement, TMCC will represent and warrant, and in the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Depositor will represent and warrant, that it has taken all action necessary to obtain a perfected security interest in each Financed
          Vehicle.  If there are any Financed Vehicles as to which TMCC failed to obtain and assign to the Depositor a perfected security interest, the security interest of the Depositor in the Financed Vehicles would be subordinate to, among others,
          subsequent purchasers of the Financed Vehicles and holders of perfected security interests in the Financed Vehicles.  To the extent that such failure has a material and adverse effect on the Issuing Entity’s interest in the related Receivables,
          it would constitute a breach of the warranties of TMCC under the Receivables Purchase Agreement or the Depositor under the Sale and Servicing Agreement, as applicable.  Accordingly, pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Depositor
          would be required to repurchase the related Warranty Receivable from the Issuing Entity and, pursuant to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, TMCC would be required to purchase that Warranty Receivable from the Depositor, in each case unless the
          breach was cured by the last day of the second Collection Period following the Collection Period in which the
152
Depositor discovers or receives notice of such breach.  Pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Depositor will assign its rights to the Issuing Entity or cause TMCC to
          purchase the Warranty Receivable under the Receivables Purchase Agreement.  For additional information, you should refer to “
Repurchases of Receivables
” and “
Risk
            Factors—Risks Primarily Related to the Bankruptcy and Insolvency of Transaction Parties and Perfection of Security Interests—The issuing entity’s interests in financed vehicles may be unenforceable or defeated
” in this prospectus.
Continuity of Perfection in Financed Vehicles.
Under the laws of most states, the perfected security interest in a
          vehicle would continue for up to four months after the vehicle is moved to and re-registered by its owner in a state that is different from the one in which it is initially registered.  A majority of states generally require surrender of a
          certificate of title to re-register a vehicle.  In those states that require a secured party to hold possession of the certificate of title to maintain perfection of the security interest, the secured party would learn of the re‑registration
          through the Obligor’s request under the related installment sales contract that the secured party surrenders possession of the certificate of title.  In the case of vehicles registered in states providing for the notation of a lien on the
          certificate of title but not possession by the secured party, the secured party would receive notice of surrender from the state of re‑registration if the security interest is noted on the certificate of title.  Thus, in either case, there are
          procedural safeguards in place to provide the secured party with notice of re-registration and an opportunity to re‑perfect its security interest in the vehicle in the state of relocation.  However, these procedural safeguards will not protect
          the secured party if through fraud, forgery or administrative error, the debtor procures a new certificate of title that does not list the secured party’s lien.  Additionally, in states that do not require a certificate of title for registration
          of a motor vehicle, re‑registration could defeat perfection.  In the ordinary course of servicing the Receivables, TMCC will take steps to effect re-perfection upon receipt of notice of re-registration or information from the Obligor as to
          relocation.  Similarly, when an Obligor sells a Financed Vehicle, TMCC must surrender possession of the certificate of title or will receive notice as a result of its lien noted on the certificate of title and accordingly will have an opportunity
          to require satisfaction of the related Receivable before release of the lien.  Under the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Servicer will be obligated to take appropriate steps, at the Servicer’s expense, to maintain perfection of security
          interests in the Financed Vehicles and will be obligated to purchase the related Receivable if it fails to do so and that failure has a material and adverse effect on the Issuing Entity’s interest in the Receivable.
Priority of Liens in Financed Vehicles Arising by Operation of Law
.  Under the laws of most states (including California),
          liens for repairs performed on a motor vehicle and liens for unpaid taxes take priority over even a perfected security interest in a financed vehicle.  The Code also grants priority to specified federal tax liens over the lien of a secured
          party.  The laws of some states and federal law permit the confiscation of vehicles by governmental authorities under some circumstances if used in unlawful activities, which may result in the loss of a secured party’s perfected security interest
          in the confiscated vehicle.  For additional information, you should refer to “
—Forfeiture for Drug, RICO and Money Laundering Violations
” in this prospectus.  TMCC will represent and warrant to the
          Depositor in the Receivables Purchase Agreement, and the Depositor will represent and warrant to the Issuing Entity in the Sale and Servicing Agreement, that, as of the Closing Date, each security interest in a Financed Vehicle is prior to all
          other present liens (other than tax liens and any other liens that arise by operation of law) upon and security interests in such Financed Vehicle.  However, liens for repairs or taxes could arise, or the confiscation of a Financed Vehicle could
          occur, at any time during the term of a Receivable.  No notice will be given to the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee, any Noteholders or the Certificateholders if a lien arises or confiscation occurs which would not give rise to the
          Depositor’s repurchase obligation under the Sale and Servicing Agreement or TMCC’s repurchase obligation under the Receivables Purchase Agreement.
Repossession of Financed Vehicles
In the event of default by an Obligor, the holder of the related retail installment sales contract has all the remedies of a secured party under the UCC as in
          effect in the applicable state, except where specifically limited by other state laws.  Among the UCC remedies, the secured party has the right to repossess by means of self‑help, unless it would constitute a breach of the peace or is otherwise
          limited by applicable state law.  Unless a vehicle financed by TMCC is voluntarily surrendered, self-help repossession is the method employed by TMCC in most states and is accomplished simply by retaking possession of the Financed Vehicle.  In
          cases where an Obligor objects or raises a defense to repossession, or if otherwise required by applicable state law, a court order must be obtained from the appropriate state court, and that vehicle must then be recovered in accordance with that
          order.  In some jurisdictions, the secured party is required to notify that Obligor of the default and the secured party’s intent to
153
repossess the collateral and to give that Obligor a time period within which to cure the default prior to repossession.  In some states, an Obligor has the right to reinstate its
          contract and recover the collateral by paying the delinquent installments and other amounts due.
Notice of Sale of Financed Vehicles; Reinstatement and Redemption Rights
In the event of default by an Obligor under a retail installment sales contract, some jurisdictions require that the Obligor be notified of the default and be
          given a time period within which to cure the default prior to repossession.  Generally, this right of cure may only be exercised on a limited number of occasions during the term of the related contract.
The UCC and other state laws require the secured party to provide an Obligor with reasonable notice of the date, time and place of any public sale and/or the date
          after which any private sale of the collateral, such as a Financed Vehicle, may be held.  In most states, under certain circumstances after any such financed vehicle has been repossessed, the related Obligor may reinstate the related contract by
          paying the delinquent installments and other amounts due.  Additionally, in most states, an Obligor has the right to redeem the collateral prior to actual sale by paying the secured party the unpaid principal balance of the obligation, accrued
          interest on the obligation plus reasonable expenses for repossessing, holding and preparing the collateral for disposition and arranging for its sale, plus, in some jurisdictions, reasonable attorneys’ fees.  In some states, an Obligor has the
          right to redeem the collateral prior to actual sale by payment of only delinquent installments or the unpaid balance.
Deficiency Judgments and Excess Proceeds
The proceeds of resale of the vehicles generally will be applied first to the expenses of resale and repossession and then to satisfaction of the indebtedness.  In
          the event that net proceeds from resale do not cover the full amount of the indebtedness, a deficiency judgment, which is a personal judgment against the Obligor, for the shortfall can be sought in those states that do not prohibit or limit such
          judgments.  In addition to the notice requirement described above, the UCC requires that every aspect of the sale or other disposition, including the method, manner, time, place and terms, be “commercially reasonable.”  Generally, courts have
          held that when a sale is not “commercially reasonable,” the secured party loses its right to a deficiency judgment.  However, because a defaulting Obligor can be expected to have very little capital or sources of income available following
          repossession, in many cases, it may not be useful to seek a deficiency judgment or, if one is obtained, it may be settled at a significant discount or be uncollectible.  In addition, the UCC permits the Obligor or other interested party to
          recover for any loss caused by noncompliance with the provisions of the UCC.  Also, prior to a sale, the UCC permits the Obligor or other interested person to prohibit the secured party from disposing of the collateral if it is established that
          the secured party is not proceeding in accordance with the “default” provisions under the UCC.
Occasionally, after resale of a repossessed vehicle and payment of all expenses and indebtedness, there is a surplus of funds.  In that case, the UCC requires the
          creditor to remit the surplus to any holder of a subordinate lien with respect to that vehicle or, if no such lienholder exists, the UCC requires the creditor to remit the surplus to the Obligor.
Certain Bankruptcy Considerations
In structuring the transactions contemplated in this prospectus, the Depositor has taken steps that are intended to make it unlikely that the voluntary or
          involuntary application for relief by TMCC under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code (the “Bankruptcy Code”) or similar applicable state laws (collectively, “Insolvency Laws”) will result in consolidation of the assets and liabilities of the Issuing Entity
          with those of TMCC or the Depositor.  These steps include the creation of both the Depositor as a wholly-owned, limited purpose subsidiary pursuant to a limited liability company agreement containing certain limitations (including requiring that
          the Depositor must at all times have at least one “Independent Manager” and restrictions on the nature of the Depositor’s business and on its ability to commence a voluntary case or proceeding under any Insolvency Law without the affirmative vote
          of a majority of its managers, including each Independent Manager) and the Issuing Entity as a wholly-owned, limited purpose subsidiary pursuant to the Trust Agreement containing certain limitations (including restrictions on the nature of the
          Issuing Entity’s business and on its ability to commence a voluntary case or proceeding under any Insolvency Law).  However, delays in payments on the Notes and possible reductions in the amount of those payments could occur if:
154
On the Closing Date, counsel to the Depositor will give an opinion to the effect that, based on a reasoned analysis of analogous case law (although there is no
          case law directly on point), and, subject to facts, assumptions and qualifications specified in the opinion and applying the principles described in the opinion, in the event of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy proceeding in respect of the
          Depositor under Title 11 of the Bankruptcy Code, the property of the Issuing Entity would not properly be substantively consolidated with the property of the estate of the Depositor.  Among other things, that opinion will assume that each of the
          Depositor and the Issuing Entity will follow specified procedures in the conduct of its affairs, including maintaining records and books of account separate from those of the other, refraining from commingling its assets with those of the other,
          and refraining from holding itself out as having agreed to pay, or being liable for, the debt of the other.  The Depositor and the Issuing Entity intend to follow these and other procedures related to maintaining their separate corporate
          identities.  However, there can be no assurance that a court would not conclude that the assets and liabilities of the Issuing Entity should be consolidated with those of the Depositor.
TMCC, the Depositor and the Issuing Entity will treat the transactions described in this prospectus as a sale of the Receivables from TMCC to the Depositor and
          from the Depositor to TMCC, in order to reduce the likelihood that the automatic stay provisions of the Bankruptcy Code would apply to the Receivables in the event that TMCC or the Depositor were to become a debtor in a bankruptcy proceeding. 
          TMCC and the Depositor will represent and warrant in the Receivables Purchase Agreement and the Sale and Servicing Agreement, respectively, that each sale of the Receivables to the Depositor and the Issuing Entity is a valid sale. 
          Notwithstanding the foregoing, if TMCC or the Depositor were to become a debtor in a bankruptcy proceeding, a court could take the position that the sale of Receivables to the Issuing Entity should instead be treated as a pledge of those
          Receivables to secure a borrowing by TMCC or the Depositor.  In addition, if the transfer of Receivables to the Issuing Entity is treated as a pledge instead of a sale, a tax or government lien on the property of TMCC or the Depositor arising
          before the transfer of a Receivable to the Issuing Entity may have priority over the Issuing Entity’s interest in that Receivable.  In addition, while TMCC is the Servicer, cash collections on the Receivables may be commingled with funds of TMCC
          and, in the event of a bankruptcy of TMCC, the Issuing Entity may not have a perfected ownership interest in those collections and the Indenture Trustee may not have a perfected security interest in those collections.
Dodd-Frank Act Orderly Liquidation Authority Provisions
General.
Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the “Dodd-Frank Act”), among other
          things, gives the FDIC authority to act as receiver of certain bank holding companies, financial companies and their respective subsidiaries in specific situations as described in more detail below.  This authority is referred to as the FDIC’s
          Orderly Liquidation Authority provisions (“OLA”) of the Dodd-Frank Act.  The proceedings, standards, powers of the FDIC as receiver and many substantive provisions of the OLA differ from those of the Bankruptcy Code in several respects.  In
          addition, because the FDIC has yet to use OLA in any receivership, it is unclear what impact these provisions will have on any particular company, including TMCC, the Depositor, the Issuing Entity or any of their respective creditors.
Potential Applicability to TMCC, the Depositor and the Issuing Entity.
There is uncertainty about which companies will be
          subject to the OLA rather than the Bankruptcy Code.  For a company to become subject to the OLA, the Secretary of the Treasury (in consultation with the President of the United States) must determine, among other things, that such company is in
          default or in danger of default, that the company’s failure and its resolution under the Bankruptcy Code “would have serious adverse effects on financial stability in the United States,” that no viable private sector alternative is available to
          prevent the default of the company and that an OLA proceeding would avoid or mitigate these adverse effects.  In addition, certain financial companies with $50 billion or more in assets, which could include TMCC, are potentially subject to
          assessments under the OLA.
TMCC’s senior unsecured debt is currently assigned an investment grade rating.  TMCC’s business is generally limited to providing retail financing, dealer financing
          and certain other financial products and services to
155
vehicle and industrial equipment dealers and their customers and marketing, underwriting and administering voluntary protection product contracts related to covering certain risks of
          customers.  TMCC has many competitors in these businesses with substantial resources.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, there can be no assurance that circumstances will not change in the future or that, regardless of the nature and scope of TMCC’s
          business and competitive market, the Secretary of the Treasury would not determine that the failure of TMCC and its resolution under the Bankruptcy Code would have serious adverse effects on financial stability in the United States.
Under certain circumstances, if TMCC were determined to be a “covered financial company,” the Issuing Entity or the Depositor could also be subject to the
          provisions of the OLA as a “covered subsidiary” of TMCC.  For a covered subsidiary to be considered a covered financial company for purposes of the OLA and therefore be subject to receivership under the OLA, (1) the FDIC would have to be
          appointed as receiver for TMCC under the OLA as described above, and (2) the FDIC and the Secretary of the Treasury would have to jointly determine that (a) the Issuing Entity or the Depositor, as applicable, is in default or in danger of
          default, (b) appointment of the FDIC as receiver of the covered subsidiary would avoid or mitigate serious adverse effects on the financial stability or economic conditions of the United States and (c) such appointment would facilitate the
          orderly liquidation of TMCC.  To reduce the likelihood that the Issuing Entity or the Depositor would be subject to the OLA, the Issuing Entity does not intend to issue non-investment grade debt and the Depositor will not issue any debt.
          Moreover, the Issuing Entity will own a relatively small amount of the Receivables originated and serviced by TMCC and the Issuing Entity and the Depositor will be structured as separate legal entities from TMCC and other issuing entities
          sponsored by TMCC.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, because of the novelty of the Dodd-Frank Act and the OLA provisions, the uncertainty of the Secretary of the Treasury’s determination and the fact that such determination would be made in the
          future under potentially different circumstances, no assurance can be given that the OLA provisions would not apply to TMCC, the Issuing Entity or the Depositor or, if they were to apply, that the timing and amounts of payments to the Noteholders
          would not be less favorable than under the Bankruptcy Code.
FDIC’s Repudiation Power Under the OLA.
If the FDIC were appointed receiver of TMCC or of a covered subsidiary, including
          the Issuing Entity or the Depositor, under the OLA, the FDIC would have various powers under the OLA, including the power to repudiate any contract to which TMCC or such covered subsidiary was a party, if the FDIC determined that performance of
          the contract was burdensome to the estate and that repudiation would promote the orderly administration of TMCC’s or such covered subsidiary’s affairs, as applicable.  In January 2011, in response to questions regarding whether the FDIC would
          apply its repudiation power under Section 210(c) of the Dodd-Frank Act to transfers of assets where the assets would not be treated as property of the estate under the Bankruptcy Code, the then-Acting General Counsel of the FDIC, later appointed
          as General Counsel (the “FDIC Counsel”), issued an advisory opinion letter (the “FDIC Counsel Opinion”) clarifying, among other things, its intended application of the FDIC’s repudiation power under the OLA. The FDIC Counsel Opinion states that
          the Dodd-Frank Act does not change the existing law governing the separate existence of separate entities under other applicable law and thus, in the FDIC Counsel’s opinion, the FDIC, as receiver for a covered financial company (which could
          include TMCC or its subsidiaries (including the Depositor or the Issuing Entity)), cannot repudiate a contract or lease of an entity unless (1) it has been appointed as receiver for that entity or (2) the separate existence of that entity may be
          disregarded under other applicable law.  In addition, the FDIC Counsel Opinion states the FDIC Counsel’s opinion that, until such time as the FDIC Board of Directors adopts a regulation further addressing the application of Section 210(c) of the
          Dodd-Frank Act, if the FDIC were to become receiver for a covered financial company (which could include TMCC or its subsidiaries (including the Depositor or the Issuing Entity)), the FDIC will not, in the exercise of its authority under Section
          210(c) of the Dodd-Frank Act, reclaim, recover, or recharacterize as property of such covered financial company or claim receivership of any asset transferred by such covered financial company prior to the end of the applicable transition period
          of a regulation, provided that such transfer satisfies the conditions for the exclusion of such assets from the property of the estate of such covered financial company under the Bankruptcy Code.  Although this advisory opinion does not bind the
          FDIC or its Board of Directors, and could be modified or withdrawn in the future, the advisory opinion also states that if further regulations affecting the statutory power to disaffirm or repudiate contracts are implemented the FDIC Counsel will
          recommend that the FDIC Board of Directors incorporates a transition period of 90 days for any such regulations.  Subsequent to the advisory opinion, the FDIC has issued regulations implementing OLA; none of those regulations alters or
          contradicts the views of FDIC Counsel in the advisory opinion regarding the power of the FDIC to disaffirm or repudiate contracts.  The FDIC Counsel Opinion does not bind the FDIC or its Board of Directors, and could be modified or withdrawn in
          the future.  To the extent any future regulations or subsequent FDIC actions in an OLA proceeding involving TMCC or its subsidiaries (including the Depositor or the Issuing Entity) are contrary to the FDIC Counsel Opinion, payment or
          distributions of principal and interest on the Securities issued by the Issuing Entity could be delayed or reduced.
156
As discussed above, we will structure each transfer of Receivables under the Receivables Purchase Agreement and the Sale and Servicing Agreement with the intent
          that it would be characterized as a legal true sale under applicable state law and that the Receivables would not be included in the transferor’s bankruptcy estate under the Bankruptcy Code.  If the transfers are so characterized, based on the
          FDIC Counsel Opinion and applicable law, the FDIC would not be able to recover the transferred Receivables using its repudiation power.  However, if the FDIC were to successfully assert that a transfer of Receivables was not a legal true sale and
          should instead be characterized as a transfer of a security interest to secure loans, and if the FDIC repudiated those loans, the purchasers of the Receivables or the Noteholders, as applicable, would, in lieu of their interests in the
          Receivables themselves, have a claim for their “actual direct compensatory damages,” which claim would be no less than the amount lent plus interest accrued to the date the FDIC was appointed receiver.  In addition, to the extent that the value
          of the collateral securing the loan exceeds such amount, the purchaser or the Noteholders, as applicable, would also have a claim for any interest that accrued after such appointment at least through the date of repudiation or disaffirmance.  In
          addition, even if an initial determination by the FDIC that the transfers were not legal true sales or that the FDIC could use its repudiation power to recover the Receivables were reversed by a court, Noteholders could suffer delays in the
          payments on their Notes.
If the FDIC were appointed receiver of TMCC or of a covered subsidiary (including the Issuing Entity or the Depositor) under the OLA, the FDIC’s repudiation power
          would also extend to continuing obligations of TMCC or such covered subsidiary, as applicable, including such party’s obligations to repurchase Warranty Receivables as well as its obligation to service the Receivables.  If the FDIC were to
          exercise this repudiation power, Noteholders would not be able to compel TMCC or any applicable covered subsidiary to repurchase Warranty Receivables and instead would have a claim for damages in TMCC’s or that covered subsidiary’s receivership,
          as applicable, and thus would suffer delays and may suffer losses of payments on their Notes.  Noteholders would also be prevented from replacing the Servicer during a stay in connection with these proceedings.  In addition, if the FDIC were to
          repudiate TMCC’s obligations as Servicer, there may be disruptions in servicing as a result of a transfer of servicing to a third-party, which could cause Noteholders to suffer delays or losses of payments on their Notes.  In addition, there are
          other statutory provisions under the OLA enforceable by the FDIC under which, if the FDIC takes action, payments or distributions of principal and interest on the Notes could be delayed or reduced.
In addition, under the OLA, none of the parties to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Administration Agreement or the
          Indenture could exercise any right or power to terminate, accelerate, or declare a default under those contracts, or otherwise affect TMCC’s or a covered subsidiary’s rights under those contracts without the FDIC’s consent for 90 days after the
          FDIC is appointed as receiver.  Similar to an “automatic stay” in a bankruptcy proceeding, during the same period, the FDIC’s consent would also be required for any attempt to obtain possession of or exercise control over any property of TMCC or
          of a covered subsidiary.
If the Issuing Entity were to become subject to the OLA, the FDIC may repudiate the debt of the Issuing Entity.  In such an event, the Noteholders would have a
          secured claim in the receivership of the Issuing Entity for “actual direct compensatory damages” as described above, and payments on the Notes would be delayed and could be reduced.  In addition, for a period of 90 days after a receiver was
          appointed, Noteholders would be stayed from accelerating the debt or exercising any remedies under the Indenture.
FDIC’s Avoidance Power Under the OLA.
Under statutory provisions of the OLA similar to those of the Bankruptcy Code, the
          FDIC could avoid transfers of Receivables that are deemed “preferential.”  On July 15, 2011, the FDIC Board of Directors issued a final rule (the “Final Rule”), which, among other things, clarifies that the treatment of preferential transfers
          under the OLA was intended to be consistent with, and should be interpreted in a manner consistent with, the related provisions under the Bankruptcy Code.  The Final Rule became effective on August 15, 2011.  Based on the Final Rule, a transfer
          of the Receivables perfected by the filing of a UCC financing statement against TMCC, the Depositor and the Issuing Entity as provided in the Transfer and Servicing Agreements would not be avoidable by the FDIC as a preference under the OLA.  For
          additional information, you should refer to “
—Certain Bankruptcy Considerations
” above.
Consumer Finance Regulation
Numerous federal and state consumer protection laws and related regulations impose substantial requirements upon lenders and servicers involved in consumer
          finance.  These laws and regulations include the Truth in Lending Act and its implementing regulation, Regulation Z, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and its implementing regulation, Regulation B, the Federal Trade Commission Act, the Fair Credit
          Billing Act, the Fair
157
Debt Collections Practices Act, the Magnuson Moss Warranty Act, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, as amended (the “SCRA”), and similar state laws
          protecting servicemembers, the National Consumer Credit Protection Act, the Texas Consumer Credit Code, the Dodd-Frank Act, state adoptions of the National Consumer Act and of the Uniform Consumer Credit Code and state motor vehicle retail
          installment sales acts and other similar laws.  Many states have adopted “lemon laws” that provide redress to consumers who purchase a vehicle that remains out of compliance with its manufacturer’s warranty after a specified number of attempts to
          correct a problem or a specified time period.  Also, state laws impose finance charge ceilings and other restrictions on consumer transactions and require contract disclosures in addition to those required under federal law.  These requirements
          impose specific statutory liabilities upon creditors who fail to comply with their provisions.  In some cases, this liability could affect an assignee’s ability to enforce consumer finance contracts such as the Receivables.
Any licensing requirements of the Issuing Entity are governed by state and sometimes local law, and thus vary on a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis.  For
          example, the City of New York passed legislation requiring a purchaser of delinquent loans to be licensed as a debt collector.  It is not clear what “delinquent” means under that law.  It is possible that, as a result of not being properly
          licensed under a state or local law, the Issuing Entity could be subject to liability or other adverse consequences.
With respect to used vehicles, the Federal Trade Commission’s Rule on Sale of Used Vehicles (the “FTC Rule”) requires all sellers of used vehicles to prepare,
          complete and display a “Buyers Guide” which explains the warranty coverage for such vehicles.  The Federal Magnuson-Moss Warranty Act and state lemon laws may impose further obligations on motor vehicle dealers.  Holders of the Receivables may
          have liability or claims and defenses under those statutes, the FTC Rule and similar state statutes.
The “Holder in Due Course” Rule of the Federal Trade Commission (the “HDC Rule”), the provisions of which are generally duplicated by the Uniform Consumer Credit
          Code, other statutes or the common law in some states, has the effect of subjecting a seller (and specified creditors and their assignees) in a consumer credit transaction to all claims and defenses which the Obligor in the transaction could
          assert against the seller of the goods.  Liability under the HDC Rule is limited to the amounts paid by the Obligor under the contract, and the holder of the Receivable may also be unable to collect any balance remaining due under that contract
          from the Obligor.
Most of the Receivables will be subject to the requirements of the HDC Rule.  Accordingly, the Issuing Entity, as holder of the Receivables, will be subject to any
          claims or defenses that the purchaser of an applicable Financed Vehicle may assert against the seller of such Financed Vehicle.  For each Obligor, these claims are limited to a maximum liability equal to the amounts paid by the Obligor on the
          related Receivable.  Under most state motor vehicle dealer licensing laws, sellers of motor vehicles are required to be licensed to sell motor vehicles at retail sale.  Furthermore, federal odometer regulations promulgated under the Motor Vehicle
          Information and Cost Savings Act require that all sellers of new and used vehicles furnish a written statement signed by the seller certifying the accuracy of the odometer reading at the time of sale.  If the seller is not properly licensed or if
          a written odometer disclosure statement was not provided to the related Obligor, the Obligor may be able to assert a defense against the seller of the vehicle.  If an Obligor were successful in asserting any of those claims or defenses, that
          claim or defense would evidence a breach of the Depositor’s representations and warranties under the Sale and Servicing Agreement and a breach of TMCC’s warranties under the Receivables Purchase Agreement and would, if the breach materially and
          adversely affects the Receivable or the interest of the Noteholders, create an obligation of the Depositor and TMCC, respectively, to repurchase the Warranty Receivable unless the breach is cured by the last day of the second Collection Period
          following the Collection Period in which the Depositor discovers or receives notice of such breach.  For additional information, you should refer to “
Transfer and Servicing Agreements—Sale and Assignment of
            Receivables
” and “
Repurchases of Receivables
” in this prospectus.
Courts have applied general equitable principles to secured parties pursuing repossession and litigation involving deficiency balances.  These equitable principles
          may have the effect of relieving an Obligor from some or all of the legal consequences of a default.  Any such shortfall, to the extent not covered by amounts payable to the Noteholders from amounts on deposit in the Reserve Account or from
          coverage provided under any other credit enhancement mechanism, could result in losses to the Noteholders.
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the “CFPB”), has broad rulemaking, supervisory and enforcement authority over entities offering consumer financial
          services or products, including non-bank companies,
158
such as TMCC (“Covered Entities”).  The CFPB’s supervisory authority has focused on fair lending compliance, repossession of motor vehicles, debt collection, the treatment of
          customers during the COVID-19 pandemic, credit reporting, and the marketing and sale of certain optional products, including voluntary protection products financed by TMCC or sold through TMIS.
The CFPB’s supervisory authority permits it to examine Covered Entities for compliance with consumer financial protection laws, including discriminatory practices
          not directly covered by the Equal Credit Opportunity Act. These examinations could result in enforcement actions, regulatory fines and mandated changes to TMCC’s business, products, policies and procedures. The CFPB initiated a rulemaking
          proceeding on August 8, 2025 seeking comments as to whether it should amend the rule extending supervisory authority over non-bank auto lenders. The CFPB may decide to narrow the coverage of such rule or may decide to take no action. The comment
          period ended on September 22, 2025.
The CFPB’s enforcement authority permits it to conduct investigations (which may include a joint investigation with other agencies and regulators) of, and initiate
          enforcement actions related to, violations of federal consumer financial protection laws, including discriminatory practices not directly covered by the Equal Credit Opportunity Act. The CFPB has the authority to obtain cease and desist orders
          (which can include orders for restitution or rescission of contracts, as well as other types of affirmative relief), or other forms of remediation, and/or impose monetary penalties.  The CFPB and the Federal Trade Commission, or the “FTC,” may
          investigate the products, services and operations of credit providers, including banks and other finance companies engaged in auto finance activities.  As a result of such investigations, both the CFPB and the FTC have announced various
          enforcement actions against lenders in the past few years involving significant penalties, consent orders, cease and desist orders and similar remedies that, if applicable to TMCC or the products, services and operations TMCC offers, may require
          TMCC to cease or alter certain business practices, which could have a material adverse effect on TMCC’s results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
A majority of states (and Puerto Rico) have enacted legislation establishing licensing requirements to conduct financing activities. TMCC must renew these licenses
          periodically.  Most states also impose limits on the maximum rate of finance charges (which in some states may also include an all-in rate cap that would include finance charges plus charges on TMCC’s ancillary products such as voluntary
          protection products).  In certain states, the margin between the present statutory maximum interest rates and borrowing costs is sufficiently narrow that, in periods of rapidly increasing or high interest rates, there could be an adverse effect
          on TMCC’s operations in these states if TMCC were unable to pass on increased interest costs to its customers.  Some state laws impose rate and other restrictions on credit transactions with customers in active military status in addition to
          those imposed by the SCRA.
State laws also impose requirements and restrictions on TMCC with respect to, among other matters, required credit application and finance and disclosures, late
          fees and other charges, the right to repossess a vehicle for failure to pay or other defaults under the retail contract, other rights and remedies TMCC may exercise in the event of a default under the retail contract and other consumer protection
          matters.  Many states are also focusing on cybersecurity and data privacy as areas warranting consumer protection.  Some states have passed complex legislation dealing with consumer information, which impacts companies such as TMCC. In some
          jurisdictions, these laws and regulations provide a private right of action that would allow customers to bring suit directly against TMCC for mishandling their data for certain violations of these laws and regulations.
State regulators take a more stringent approach to supervising and regulating providers of financial and voluntary protection products and services subject to
          their jurisdiction.  In addition, TMCC is subject to governmental and regulatory examinations, information gathering requests and investigations from time to time. TMCC expects to continue to face greater supervisory scrutiny and enhanced
          supervisory requirements for the foreseeable future. See “
Risk Factors—Risks Primarily Related to Legal and Regulatory Matters—The regulatory environment in which TMCC operates could have an adverse effect on
            TMCC, the depositor and the issuing entity, which could result in losses or delays in payments on your notes
.”
Other Federal Regulation
If the FDIC were appointed receiver of TMCC, the Depositor or the Issuing Entity under the Orderly Liquidation Authority provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act, the FDIC
          could repudiate contracts deemed burdensome to the estate, including secured debt.  TMCC has structured the transfers of the Receivables to the Depositor and the
159
Issuing Entity as a valid and perfected sale under applicable state law and under the Bankruptcy Code to mitigate the risk of the recharacterization of the sale as a grant of
          security interest to secure debt of TMCC.  Any attempt by the FDIC to recharacterize the transfer of the Receivables as a grant of a security interest to secure debt that the FDIC then repudiates would cause delays in payments or losses on the
          Notes.  In addition, if the Issuing Entity were to become subject to the Orderly Liquidation Authority, the FDIC may repudiate the debt of the Issuing Entity and the Noteholders would have a secured claim in the receivership of the Issuing
          Entity.  Also, if the Issuing Entity were subject to Orderly Liquidation Authority, the Noteholders would not be permitted to accelerate the debt, exercise remedies against the collateral or replace the Servicer without the FDIC’s consent for 90
          days after the receiver is appointed.  As a result of any of these events, delays in payments on the Notes would occur and possible reductions in the amount of those payments could occur.
No assurances can be given that the liquidation framework for the resolution of “covered financial companies” would not apply to TMCC or its affiliates, including
          the Depositor and the Issuing Entity.
For additional discussion of how a failure to comply with consumer protection laws may impact the Issuing Entity, the Receivables or your investment in the Notes,
          see “
Risk Factors—Risks Primarily Related to Legal and Regulatory Matters—Receivables that fail to comply with consumer protection laws may be unenforceable, which may result in losses on your investment
”
          in this prospectus.
TMCC periodically performs reviews of its lending and servicing policies and analyzes portfolio-wide data for potential disparities resulting from dealer
          compensation policies.  Depending upon the results of these reviews and analyses or any regulatory agency actions, TMCC may take corrective actions, including modifying the interest rate or making payments with respect to certain Receivables. 
          Certain corrective actions may result in TMCC, as Servicer, being required under the Sale and Servicing Agreement to repurchase the affected Receivables.  See “
Transfer and Servicing Agreements—Servicing
            Procedures
” in this prospectus for a discussion of purchase obligations of the Servicer.
TMCC and the Depositor will represent and warrant under the Receivables Purchase Agreement and the Sale and Servicing Agreement, as applicable, that each
          Receivable complies with all requirements of law in all material respects.  Accordingly, if an Obligor has a claim against the Issuing Entity for violation of any law and such claim materially and adversely affects the Issuing Entity’s interest
          in a Receivable, such violation would constitute a breach of the representations and warranties of TMCC under the Receivables Purchase Agreement and the Depositor under the Sale and Servicing Agreement and would create an obligation of TMCC and
          the Depositor to repurchase the affected Warranty Receivable unless the breach is cured by the last day of the second Collection Period following the Collection Period in which the Depositor discovers or receives notice of such breach.  For
          additional information, you should refer to “
Repurchases of Receivables
” in this prospectus.
Forfeiture for Drug, RICO and Money Laundering Violations
Federal law provides that property purchased or improved with assets derived from criminal activity or otherwise tainted, or used in the commission of certain
          offenses can be seized and ordered forfeited to the United States of America.  The offenses that can trigger such a seizure and forfeiture include, among others, violations of the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, the Bank
          Secrecy Act, the anti-money laundering laws and regulations, including the USA Patriot Act of 2001 and the regulations issued pursuant thereto, as well as the narcotic drug laws.  In many instances, the United States may seize the property even
          before a conviction occurs.
Other Limitations
In addition to the laws limiting or prohibiting deficiency judgments, numerous other statutory provisions, including federal bankruptcy laws and related state laws,
          may interfere with or affect the ability of a secured party to realize upon collateral or to enforce a deficiency judgment.  For example, in a Chapter 13 proceeding under the Bankruptcy Code, a court may prevent a creditor from repossessing a
          vehicle and, as part of the repayment plan, reduce the amount of the secured indebtedness to the market value of the vehicle at the time of bankruptcy (as determined by the court), leaving the creditor as a general unsecured creditor for the
          remainder of the indebtedness.  A bankruptcy court may also reduce the monthly payments due under a contract or change the rate of interest and time of repayment of the indebtedness.
Under the terms of the SCRA, an Obligor who enters the military service (including members of the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marines, National Guard, Reservists, Space
          Force, Coast Guard and officers of the National
160
Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and U.S. Public Health Service assigned to duty with the military, on active duty or absent from duty for lawful cause) after the origination of
          that Obligor’s Receivable (including an Obligor who is a member of the National Guard or is in reserve status at the time of the origination of the Obligor’s Receivable and is later called to active duty) may not be charged interest and fees
          above an annual rate of 6% during the period of that Obligor’s active duty status after a request for relief by the Obligor.  The SCRA provides for extension of payments during a period of service upon request of the Obligor.  Interest and fees
          at a rate in excess of 6% that would have been incurred but for the SCRA are forgiven.  In addition, the SCRA and the laws of some states, including California, New York and New Jersey, impose limitations that would impair the ability of the
          Servicer to repossess the released Financed Vehicle during the Obligor’s period of active duty status and, under certain circumstances, during an additional period thereafter.  Thus, if that Receivable goes into default, there may be delays and
          losses occasioned by the inability to exercise the Issuing Entity’s rights with respect to the Receivable and the related Financed Vehicle in a timely fashion.
Any shortfall pursuant to either of the two preceding paragraphs, to the extent not covered by amounts payable to the Securityholders from amounts on deposit in the
          Reserve Account or from coverage provided under any other credit enhancement mechanism, could result in losses to the Securityholders.  For additional information, you should refer to “
Risk Factors—Risks
            Primarily Related to the Nature of the Notes and the Structure of the Transaction—Prepayments on receivables may cause prepayments on the notes, resulting in reduced returns on your investment and reinvestment risk to you
” in this
          prospectus.
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
To the knowledge of the Sponsor and the Depositor, there are no legal proceedings pending, or governmental proceedings contemplated, against the Depositor or the
          Issuing Entity that would be material to holders of any Notes.
To the knowledge of the Sponsor and the Depositor, except for those proceedings described under “
Risk Factors—Risks Primarily
            Related to Legal and Regulatory Matters—The regulatory environment in which TMCC operates could have an adverse effect on TMCC, the depositor and the issuing entity, which could result in losses or delays in payments on your notes
” in
          this prospectus, there are no legal proceedings pending, or governmental proceedings contemplated, against the Sponsor or the Servicer that would be material to holders of any Notes.
For a description of any legal proceedings pending, or governmental proceedings contemplated, against the Trustees that would be material to holders of any Notes,
          you should refer to “
The Trustees
” in this prospectus.
ERISA CONSIDERATIONS
Subject to the following discussion, the Class A Notes sold to parties unaffiliated with the Issuing Entity may be acquired by pension, profit-sharing or other
          employee benefit plans that are subject to Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), individual retirement accounts, Keogh Plans and other plans covered by Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of
          1986, as amended (the “Code”) and entities deemed to hold the plan assets of the foregoing (each, a “Plan”).  Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code prohibit a Plan from engaging in certain transactions with persons that are “parties
          in interest” under ERISA or “disqualified persons” under the Code with respect to such Plan.  A violation of these “prohibited transaction” rules may result in an excise tax or other penalties and liabilities under ERISA and the Code for such
          persons or the fiduciaries of the Plan. Title I of ERISA also requires that fiduciaries of a Plan subject to ERISA make investments that are prudent, diversified (except if prudent not to do so) and in accordance with governing plan documents.
Certain transactions involving the Issuing Entity might be deemed to constitute prohibited transactions under ERISA and the Code with respect to a Plan that
          acquired the Class A Notes if assets of the Issuing Entity were deemed to be assets of a Plan.  Under a regulation issued by the United States Department of Labor as effectively modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA (the “Regulation”), the assets of
          the Issuing Entity would be treated as plan assets of a Plan for the purposes of ERISA and the Code only if the Plan acquired an “equity interest” in the Issuing Entity and none of the exceptions to plan asset treatment contained in the
          Regulation were applicable.  An equity interest is defined under the Regulation as an interest other than an instrument which is treated as indebtedness under applicable local law and which has no substantial equity features. Although there is
          little guidance on the subject, the Issuing Entity believes that those Class A Notes acquired by parties unaffiliated with the Issuing Entity should be treated as indebtedness without substantial equity features for purposes of the Regulation. 
          This determination is based in part upon (i) tax counsel’s opinion that Class A Notes held by parties unaffiliated with the
161
Issuing Entity will be classified as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes and (ii) the traditional debt features of such Class A Notes, including the reasonable expectation of
          purchasers of the Notes that they will be repaid when due, as well as the absence of conversion rights, warrants and other typical equity features.  Based upon the foregoing and other considerations, and subject to the considerations described
          below, such Class A Notes may be acquired by a Plan.
However, without regard to whether the Class A Notes are treated as indebtedness for purposes of the Regulation, the acquisition or holding of Class A Notes by or
          on behalf of a Plan could be considered to give rise to a prohibited transaction if the Issuing Entity, the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee, any Underwriter or certain of their respective affiliates is or becomes a party in interest or a
          disqualified person with respect to such Plan.  In such case, certain exemptions from the prohibited transaction rules could be applicable to the acquisition and holding of the Class A Notes by a Plan depending on the type and circumstances of
          the Plan fiduciary making the decision to acquire such Notes. Included among these exemptions are: Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption (“PTCE”) 90‑1, regarding investments by insurance company pooled separate accounts; PTCE 95-60, regarding
          investments by insurance company general accounts; PTCE 91-38, regarding investments by bank collective investment funds; PTCE 96-23, regarding transactions effected by “in-house asset managers”; and PTCE 84-14, regarding transactions effected by
          “qualified professional asset managers.”  In addition to the class exemptions listed above, there is also a statutory exemption that may be available under Section 408(b)(17) of ERISA and Section 4975(d)(20) of the Code for prohibited
          transactions between a Plan and a person or entity that is a party in interest to such Plan solely by reason of providing services to a Plan or by reason of a relationship to such a service provider (other than a party in interest that is a
          fiduciary, or its affiliate, that has or exercises discretionary authority or control or renders investment advice with respect to the assets of the Plan involved in such transaction), provided that there is adequate consideration for the
          transaction. Even if the conditions described in one or more of these exemptions are met, the scope of relief provided by these exemptions might or might not cover all acts which might be construed as prohibited transactions.  There can be no
          assurance that any of these, or any other exemption, will be available with respect to any particular transaction involving the Class A Notes and prospective purchasers or transferees that are Plans should consult with their advisors regarding
          the applicability of any such exemption.
In addition, because the Underwriters, the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee, the Depositor, the Servicer or their affiliates may receive certain benefits in
          connection with the sale or holding of Class A Notes, the acquisition of Class A Notes using plan assets over which any of these parties or their affiliates has investment authority, or renders investment advice for a fee with respect to the
          assets of the Plan, or is the employer or other sponsor of the Plan, might be deemed to be a violation of a provision of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code.  Accordingly, Class A Notes may not be acquired using the assets of any Plan if
          any Underwriter, the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee, the Depositor, the Servicer or their affiliates has investment authority, or renders investment advice for a fee with respect to the assets of the Plan, or is the employer or other
          sponsor of the Plan, unless an applicable prohibited transaction exemption is available to cover the acquisition or holding of the Class A Notes or the transaction is not otherwise prohibited.
Employee benefit plans that are governmental plans (as defined in Section 3(32) of ERISA), non-electing church plans (as defined in Section 3(33) of ERISA), and
          non-U.S. plans are not subject to ERISA requirements; however, governmental, church or non-U.S. plans may be subject to non-U.S., federal, state or local laws that are substantially similar to the fiduciary responsibility or prohibited
          transaction provisions of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (“Similar Law”).
By acquiring a Class A Note (or any interest therein), each purchaser and transferee will be deemed to represent, warrant and covenant that either (i) it is not
          acquiring such Class A Note with the assets of a Plan or any other plan subject to any Similar Law, or (ii) the acquisition, holding and disposition of such Class A Notes does not and will not give rise to a non-exempt prohibited transaction
          under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or a violation of any Similar Law.
The sale of Class A Notes to a Plan or any other plan is in no respect a representation that this investment meets all relevant legal requirements with respect to
          investments by Plans or other plans generally or by a particular Plan or other plan, or that this investment is appropriate for Plans or other plans generally or any particular Plan or other plan.
Prospective Plan or other plan investors should consult with their legal advisors concerning the impact of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code or
          any Similar Law, the effect of the assets of the Issuing Entity being deemed “plan assets” and the applicability of any applicable exemption prior to making an
162
investment in the Class A Notes.  Each Plan or other plan fiduciary should determine whether under applicable fiduciary standards of investment prudence and
          diversification, an investment in the Class A Notes is appropriate for the Plan or other plan, also taking into account the overall investment policy of the Plan or other plan and the composition of the Plan’s or other plan’s investment
          portfolio.
MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS
The following is a discussion of the anticipated material U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to the purchase, ownership and disposition of the Class
          A Notes (which as used in this discussion refer solely to Class A Notes that are held by parties unaffiliated with the Issuing Entity).  The following discussion is based upon current provisions of the Code, the Treasury regulations promulgated
          under the Code and judicial or administrative authority, all of which are subject to change, which change may be retroactive.  Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP (“Tax Counsel”) has prepared or reviewed the statements under “
Summary of Terms—Tax Status
” in this prospectus as they relate to U.S. federal income tax matters and under “
Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations
” in this prospectus, and is of
          the opinion that such statements, to the extent they purport to describe provisions of U.S. federal income tax law or legal conclusions with respect thereto, are correct in all material respects.  Such statements are intended as an explanatory
          discussion of the possible effects on investors generally of the classification of the Issuing Entity and the Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes and of related U.S. federal income tax matters affecting investors generally, but do not
          purport to furnish information in the level of detail or with the attention to the investor’s specific tax circumstances that would be provided by an investor’s own tax adviser.  Accordingly, each investor is advised to consult its own tax
          advisor with regard to the tax considerations applicable to it of investing in Class A Notes.
The discussion does not purport to deal with U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to all categories of investors, some of which may be subject to
          special rules, and does not address which forms should be used to report information related to the Class A Notes to the IRS.  For example, it does not discuss the tax treatment of investors that are insurance companies, financial institutions,
          regulated investment companies, persons subject to the alternative minimum tax, including corporations subject to the corporate alternative minimum tax on financial statement income, accrual method taxpayers subject to special tax accounting
          rules pursuant to Section 451(b) of the Code as a result of their use of financial statements, or dealers in securities.  Moreover, there are no cases or IRS rulings on similar transactions involving entities such as the Issuing Entity that issue
          both equity interests and debt interests with terms similar to those of the Notes.  As a result, the IRS may disagree with all or with one or more parts of the discussion below.  It is advised that prospective investors consult their own tax
          advisors in determining the federal, state, local, foreign and any other tax considerations applicable to them of the purchase, ownership and disposition of the Class A Notes.
As used herein, the term “Note Owner” means any holder of a Class A Note (including for this purpose any holder of record or registered owner of a global note) and
          a Beneficial Owner of Class A Notes.  The term “U.S. Note Owner” means any Note Owner that is, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, a U.S. Person. A “Foreign Note Owner” means any Note Owner other than a U.S. Note Owner or an entity or
          arrangement treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A “U.S. Person” means: (i) a citizen or resident of the United States, (ii) an entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes and that is created or
          organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof, or the District of Columbia, (iii) an estate, the income of which is includible in gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes regardless of its source, or (iv) a trust if
          (a) a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more U.S. Persons have authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (b) such trust was in existence on
          August 20, 1996 and is eligible to elect, and has made a valid election, to be treated as a U.S. Person despite not meeting the requirements of clause (a).
Special rules, not addressed in this discussion, may apply to persons purchasing Class A Notes through entities or arrangements treated for U.S. federal income tax
          purposes as partnerships, and any such entity or arrangement purchasing Class A Notes and persons purchasing Class A Notes through such an entity or arrangement should consult their own tax advisors in that regard.
On the Closing Date, Tax Counsel will deliver its opinion that under current law, assuming the execution of, and compliance with, the Indenture, the Trust
          Agreement and the other Transfer and Servicing Agreements and subject to the discussion below, the Issuing Entity will not be classified as an association or a publicly traded partnership, in either case taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal
          income tax purposes.  Further, Tax Counsel will
163
issue an opinion to the Issuing Entity that as of their issuance date, the Class A Notes that are held by parties unaffiliated with the Issuing Entity will be classified as debt for
          U.S. federal income tax purposes.  Note Owners of Class A Notes that are offered by this prospectus will be deemed to agree, by their purchase of such Class A Notes, to treat the Class A Notes as debt for purposes of U.S. federal and state income
          tax, franchise tax and any other tax measured in whole or in part by income.
An opinion of Tax Counsel, however, is not binding on the IRS or the courts.  No ruling on any of the issues discussed below will be sought from the IRS.
Tax Characterization of the Issuing Entity
As noted above, on the Closing Date, Tax Counsel will deliver its opinion that the Issuing Entity will not be classified as an association or a publicly traded
          partnership that in either case is taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  This opinion will be based on the assumption that the terms of the Indenture, the Trust Agreement and the other Transfer and Servicing Agreements
          will be complied with.
If the Issuing Entity were classified as an association or as a publicly traded partnership that in either case was taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income
          tax purposes, the Issuing Entity would be subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax on its taxable income.  The Issuing Entity’s taxable income would include all its income on the Receivables, possibly reduced by its interest expense on the
          Notes.  Any such U.S. federal corporate income tax could materially reduce cash available to make payments on the Notes.
The Depositor, the Sponsor, and the Servicer will agree to treat the Issuing Entity (i) if there is more than one beneficial owner of the Certificate (and any Notes
          recharacterized as equity interests in the Issuing Entity) for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as a partnership for purposes of U.S. federal and state income tax, franchise tax and any other tax measured in whole or in part by income, with the
          assets of the partnership being the assets held by the Issuing Entity, the partners of the partnership being the owners of the Certificate (and any Notes recharacterized as equity interests in the Issuing Entity), and the Notes (other than Notes
          recharacterized as equity interests in the Issuing Entity) being debt of the partnership, or (ii) if there is a single beneficial owner of the Certificate (and any Notes recharacterized as equity interests in the Issuing Entity) for U.S. federal
          income tax purposes, as an entity disregarded as separate from the beneficial owner of the Certificates (and any Notes recharacterized as equity interests in the Issuing Entity) for purposes of U.S. federal and state income tax, franchise tax and
          any other tax measured in whole or in part by income, with the assets of the Issuing Entity and the Notes treated as assets and indebtedness, respectively, of the beneficial owner of the Certificates (and any Notes recharacterized as equity
          interests in the Issuing Entity).  However, the proper characterization of the arrangement involving the Issuing Entity, the Notes, the Depositor, the Sponsor, and the Servicer is not clear because there is no legal authority on transactions
          closely comparable to the transaction described in this prospectus.
Partnership Audit Rules
If the Issuing Entity were treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, rules applicable to the audit of partnerships and entities or arrangements
          treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes would generally apply.  Under these rules, unless an entity elects otherwise, taxes arising from audit adjustments are required to be paid by the entity rather than by its partners or
          members.  The parties responsible for the tax administration of the Issuing Entity will have the authority to utilize, and intend to utilize, any exceptions available under these provisions and any associated Treasury regulations (including any
          changes thereto or amendments thereof) so that the beneficial owner(s) of the Certificates, to the fullest extent possible, rather than the Issuing Entity itself, will be liable for any taxes arising from audit adjustments to the Issuing Entity’s
          taxable income if the Issuing Entity is treated as a partnership.  It is unclear how any such elections may affect the procedural rules available to challenge any audit adjustment that would otherwise be available in the absence of any such
          elections.
Tax Consequences to Note Owners
Retained Notes
.  The Retained Notes initially will be retained by the Depositor. The characterization of the Retained
          Notes as equity or indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and the potential consequences of that characterization, will be determined only when such Retained Notes are transferred to a party unaffiliated with the Issuing Entity.
          Therefore, as noted above, this discussion will apply only to the Class A Notes that are offered and sold, on the Closing Date, to parties unaffiliated with the Issuing Entity.
164
Treatment of the Class A Notes as Indebtedness
.  The Depositor and any Note Owners will agree by their purchase of Class A
          Notes, to treat the Class A Notes as debt for purposes of U.S. federal and state income tax, franchise tax and any other tax measured in whole or in part by income.  As noted above, on the Closing Date, Tax Counsel will deliver its opinion that
          as of their issuance date, the Class A Notes held by parties unaffiliated with the Issuing Entity will be classified as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  The discussion below assumes this characterization of the Class A Notes is
          correct.
Tax Consequences to U.S. Note Owners
Stated Interest and Original Issue Discount, Etc.
The discussion below assumes that all payments on the Class A Notes
          are denominated in U.S. Dollars.
Stated interest on a Class A Note will generally be includible in a U.S. Note Owner’s gross income as it accrues or is received in accordance with the U.S. Note
          Owner’s usual method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If, however, any of the Class A Notes are issued with original issue discount (“OID”), the provisions of Sections 1271 through 1273 and 1275 of the Code and Treasury
          regulations relating to OID (such regulations the “OID Regulations”) will apply to such Notes.  Under these provisions and the OID Regulations, U.S. Note Owners (including cash basis U.S. Note Owners) must include any OID on the Class A Note in
          income as it accrues under a constant yield method, resulting in the inclusion of OID in income in advance of the receipt of cash attributable to that income.
A Class A Note will be treated as having been issued with OID to the extent that its “stated redemption price at maturity” exceeds its “issue price” by an amount
          that equals or exceeds a de minimis amount (0.25 percent of a Class A Note’s stated redemption price at maturity, multiplied by the number of years to maturity, based on the anticipated weighted average life of the Class A Note, determined by
          using a prepayment assumption (the “Note Prepayment Assumption”) and weighing each payment by reference to the number of complete years following issuance until payment is made for each partial principal payment).  In determining whether the
          Class A Notes were issued with OID, the Depositor expects to use a reasonable assumption regarding prepayments with respect to the Receivables (a “Prepayment Assumption”) to determine the weighted average maturity of the Class A Notes.  The
          Prepayment Assumption that will be used for purposes of computing OID, if any, for U.S. federal income tax purposes is 1.30% ABS.  For additional information, you should refer to “
Prepayment and Yield
            Considerations
” and “
Weighted Average Lives of the Notes
” in this prospectus.  No representation is made that any Class A Note will prepay in accordance with the Note Prepayment Assumption, nor
          that the Receivables will prepay in accordance with the Prepayment Assumption or in accordance with any other assumption.
The “issue price” of a Class A Note is the first price at which a substantial amount of the applicable class of Class A Notes are sold to the public, excluding
          sales to bond houses, brokers, or organizations acting as underwriters, placement agents or wholesalers. The “stated redemption price at maturity” of a Class A Note is the total of all payments provided on the Class A Note other than payments of
          “qualified stated interest.” “Qualified stated interest” is generally interest that is unconditionally payable in cash or other property (other than notes of the debtor), at fixed intervals of one year or less during the entire term of the
          instrument based on a single fixed rate or qualifying variable rate – or certain combinations of fixed and qualifying variable rate.  “Unconditionally payable” means that reasonable legal remedies exist to compel timely payment or that the terms
          of the instrument make the possibility of late payment or non-payment sufficiently remote.
While it is anticipated that the interest formula for the Class A Notes will meet the requirements for “qualified stated interest” and that any OID on the Class A
          Notes will not exceed the de minimis amount, it is possible that the Class A Notes will be issued with more than a de minimis amount of OID.  U.S. Note Owners must generally report de minimis OID pro rata as principal payments are received on the
          Class A Note. Any such amount of de minimis OID includible in income is generally treated as gain recognized on the retirement of the notes.
In the case of a debt instrument (such as a Class A Note) as to which the repayment of principal may be accelerated as a result of the prepayment of other
          obligations securing the debt instrument, under Section 1272(a)(6) of the Code, the periodic accrual of OID is determined by taking into account (i) a reasonable prepayment assumption (generally, the assumption used to price the debt offering),
          and (ii) adjustments in the accrual of OID when prepayments do not conform to the prepayment assumption.  To date, no Treasury regulations have been promulgated under Section 1272(a)(6) of the Code and it is unclear whether the provisions would
          be applicable to the Class A Notes in the absence of such regulations or whether use of a reasonable prepayment assumption may be
165
required or permitted without reliance on these rules.  If this provision applies to the Class A Notes, the amount of OID that will accrue in any given “accrual period” may either
          increase or decrease depending upon the actual prepayment rate of the Receivables.  In the absence of such regulations (or statutory or other administrative clarification), any information reports or returns to the IRS and the U.S. Note Owners
          regarding OID, if any, will be based on the Prepayment Assumption, as explained above.  For additional information, investors should refer to “
Prepayment and Yield Considerations
” and “
Weighted Average Lives of the Notes
” in this prospectus and consult with their own tax advisors regarding the impact of any prepayments of the Receivables and the OID rules if the Class A Notes are issued with
          OID.
Short-Term Notes
.  A U.S. Note Owner of a Class A Note that has a fixed maturity date of not more than one year from the
          issue date of that Class A Note (a “Short-Term Note”) may be subject to special rules.  Accrual basis U.S. Note Owners of Short-Term Notes (and some cash method U.S. Note Owners of Short-Term Notes) are required to report interest income as
          interest accrues on a straight-line basis or under a constant yield method over the term of each interest period.  Other cash method U.S. Note Owners of a Short-Term Note are required to report interest income as interest is paid (or, if earlier,
          upon the taxable disposition of the Short-Term Note).  However, a cash method U.S. Note Owner of a Short-Term Note reporting interest income as it is paid may be required to defer a portion of any interest expense otherwise deductible on
          indebtedness incurred to purchase or carry the Short-Term Note until the taxable disposition of the Short-Term Note.  A cash method U.S. Note Owner that is not required to report interest income as it accrues under the foregoing rules may elect
          to accrue interest income on all nongovernment debt obligations with a term of one year or less, in which case the U.S. Note Owner would not be subject to the interest expense deferral rule referred to in the preceding sentence.  Certain special
          rules apply if a Short-Term Note is purchased for more or less than its principal amount.
Market Discount
.  If a U.S. Note Owner purchases a Class A Note at a “market discount” (that is, at a purchase price less
          than the remaining stated redemption price at maturity of the Class A Note (or in the case of a Class A Note issued with OID, the adjusted issue price thereof) which exceeds a de minimis amount specified in the Code), and thereafter (a)
          recognizes gain upon a disposition, or (b) receives payments of principal, the lesser of (i) such gain or principal payment or (ii) the accrued market discount will be taxed as ordinary interest income.  Generally, the accrued market discount
          will be the total market discount on the related Class A Note multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days the U.S. Note Owner held such Note and the denominator of which is the number of days from the date the U.S. Note
          Owner acquired such Note until its maturity date.  The U.S. Note Owner may elect, however, to determine accrued market discount under the constant-yield method.  Any such election will apply to all debt instruments acquired by the U.S. Note Owner
          on or after the first day of the first taxable year to which such election applies.
A U.S. Note Owner that incurs or continues indebtedness to acquire a Class A Note at a market discount also may be required to defer the deduction of all or a
          portion of the interest on the indebtedness until the corresponding amount of market discount is included in income. A U.S. Note Owner that elects to include market discount in gross income as it accrues as described above under “—
Tax Characterization of the Issuing Entity
” is exempt from this rule.  The adjusted basis of a Class A Note subject to such election will be increased to reflect market discount included in gross income,
          thereby reducing any gain or increasing any loss on a subsequent sale or taxable disposition.
Amortizable Bond Premium
.  In general, if a U.S. Note Owner purchases a Class A Note at a premium (generally, an amount in
          excess of the amount payable upon the maturity thereof), such U.S. Note Owner will be considered to have purchased such Class A Note with “amortizable bond premium” equal to the amount of such excess.  The U.S. Note Owner may elect to amortize
          such amortizable bond premium as an offset to interest income and not as a separate deduction item as it accrues under a constant-yield method over the remaining term of the Class A Note.  The U.S. Note Owner’s tax basis in the Class A Note will
          be reduced by the amount of the amortized bond premium.  Any such election will apply to all debt instruments (other than instruments the interest on which is excludible from gross income) held by the U.S. Note Owner at, or that are acquired
          subsequent to, the beginning of the first taxable year for which the election applies and is irrevocable without the consent of the IRS.  Bond premium on a Class A Note held by a U.S. Note Owner who does not elect to amortize the premium will
          decrease the gain or increase the loss otherwise recognized on the disposition of the Class A Note.
Acquisition Premium
.  A U.S. Note Owner that purchases in a secondary market a Class A Note that was originally issued
          with OID, for an amount that is less than or equal to the sum of all amounts (other than payments of qualified stated interest) payable on the Class A Note after the purchase date but that is in excess of its adjusted
166
issue price (such excess being “acquisition premium”) and that does not make the election described below, is permitted to reduce the daily portions of OID, if any, by a fraction,
          the numerator of which is the excess of the U.S. Note Owner’s adjusted basis in the Class A Note immediately after its purchase over the adjusted issue price of the Class A Note, and the denominator of which is the excess of the sum of all
          amounts payable on the Class A Note after the purchase date, other than payments of qualified stated interest, over the Class A Note’s adjusted issue price.
Election
.  A U.S. Note Owner may elect to include in gross income all interest that accrues on a Class A Note by using a
          constant yield method. For purposes of the election, the interest includes stated interest, acquisition discount, OID, de minimis OID, market discount, de minimis market discount and unstated interest as adjusted by any amortizable bond premium
          or acquisition premium.  This election will generally apply only to the Class A Note with respect to which it is made and may not be revoked without the consent of the IRS.  Potential U.S. Note Owners are encouraged to consult with their own tax
          advisors regarding the time and manner of making and the scope of the election and the implementation of the constant yield method.
Sale, Exchange or Other Disposition
.  If a U.S. Note Owner sells a Class A Note, the U.S. Note Owner will recognize gain
          or loss in an amount equal to the difference between the amount realized on the sale and the U.S. Note Owner’s adjusted tax basis in the Class A Note.  The adjusted tax basis of a Class A Note to a particular U.S. Note Owner will equal the U.S.
          Note Owner’s cost for the Class A Note, increased by any market discount, acquisition discount and OID previously included in income by that U.S. Note Owner with respect to the Class A Note and decreased by the amount of bond premium, if any,
          previously amortized and by the amount of payments of principal and OID previously received by that U.S. Note Owner with respect to that Class A Note.  Any resulting gain or loss, and any gain or loss recognized on a prepayment of the Class A
          Notes, will be capital gain or loss if the Class A Note was held as a capital asset, except for any gain representing accrued interest and accrued market discount not previously included in income.  Except for an annual $3,000 exception
          applicable to individuals, capital losses may be used only to offset capital gains or gains treated as capital gains.
Net Investment Income.
A tax of 3.8% is imposed on the “net investment income” of certain U.S. individuals, trusts and
          estates.  Among other items, net investment income generally includes gross income from interest and net gain attributable to the disposition of certain property, less certain deductions.  U.S. Note Owners of Class A Notes should consult their
          own tax advisors regarding the possible implications of this tax in their particular circumstances.
Tax Consequences to Foreign Note Owners
Except as described below with respect to backup withholding or FATCA (defined below), interest paid (or accrued) to a Foreign Note Owner will be considered
          “portfolio interest,” and will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax and withholding tax if the interest is not effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business within the United States by the Foreign Note Owner and:
To qualify for the portfolio interest exemption, the Foreign Note Owner must provide the applicable trustee or other person who is otherwise required to withhold
          U.S. tax with respect to the Class A Notes with an appropriate statement (on IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E or applicable similar or successor forms), signed under penalty of perjury, certifying that the Note Owner is a Foreign Note Owner
          and providing the Foreign Note Owner’s name and address.  Interest paid to a Foreign Note Owner is also not subject to U.S. federal withholding tax if such interest is effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business within the
          United States by the Foreign Note Owner and such Foreign Note Owner submits a properly executed IRS Form W-8ECI (or applicable successor
167
form).  If a Class A Note is held through a securities clearing organization or other financial institution, the organization or institution may provide the relevant signed statement
          to the withholding agent; in that case, however, the Foreign Note Owner must provide the security clearing organization or other financial institution with an IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E, IRS Form W-8ECI or applicable similar or successor
          form.  An IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8ECI remains in effect for a period beginning on the date the form is signed and ending on the last day of the third succeeding calendar year, absent a change in circumstances causing any
          information on the form to be incorrect.  However, under certain conditions, the IRS Form W-8BEN and IRS Form W-8BEN-E will remain in effect indefinitely until a change in circumstances occurs.  The Foreign Note Owner must notify the person to
          whom it provided the IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E, IRS Form W-8ECI or applicable similar or successor form of any changes to the information on the Form or applicable similar or successor form.  If interest paid to a Foreign Note Owner is
          not considered portfolio interest and is not effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business within the United States by the Foreign Note Owner, then it will be subject to gross-basis U.S. federal income and withholding tax at a
          rate of 30%, unless reduced or eliminated pursuant to an applicable tax treaty.  In order to claim the benefit of any applicable tax treaty, the Foreign Note Owner must provide the applicable trustee or other person who is required to withhold
          U.S. tax with respect to the Class A Notes with an appropriate statement (on IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E or applicable similar or successor form), signed under penalties of perjury, certifying that the Foreign Note Owner is entitled to
          benefits under the treaty.
Except as described below with respect to backup withholding or FATCA (as defined below), any capital gain realized on the sale, redemption, retirement or other
          taxable disposition of a Class A Note by a Foreign Note Owner will be exempt from U.S. federal income and withholding tax, provided that (1) the gain is not effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business in the United States by the
          Foreign Note Owner and (2) in the case of an individual Foreign Note Owner, the Foreign Note Owner is not present in the United States for 183 days or more during the taxable year of disposition.
If interest paid to a Foreign Note Owner or gain on the sale, redemption, retirement or other taxable disposition of a Class A Note is effectively connected with
          the conduct of a trade or business within the United States by the Foreign Note Owner, then although the Foreign Note Owner will be exempt from the withholding of tax previously discussed if an appropriate statement is provided, such Foreign Note
          Owner generally will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on such interest, including OID, or gain at applicable graduated U.S. federal income tax rates. In addition, if the Foreign Note Owner is a foreign corporation, it may be subject to a
          branch profits tax equal to 30% of the “effectively connected earnings and profits” of such foreign corporation within the meaning of the Code for the taxable year, as adjusted for certain items, unless such Foreign Note Owner qualifies for a
          lower rate under an applicable tax treaty.
Backup Withholding
.  Each U.S. Note Owner (other than an exempt Note Owner such as a tax-exempt organization, qualified
          pension and profit-sharing trust, individual retirement account or nonresident alien who provides certification as to status as a nonresident) will be required to provide, under penalties of perjury, a certificate (on IRS Form W-9 or applicable
          successor form) providing the U.S. Note Owner’s name, address, correct federal taxpayer identification number (“TIN”) and a statement that the U.S. Note Owner is not subject to backup withholding.  Should a nonexempt U.S. Note Owner fail to
          provide the required certification, amounts otherwise payable to the U.S. Note Owner may be subject to backup withholding tax, and the Issuing Entity will be required to withhold and remit the withheld amount to the IRS.  Backup withholding is
          not an additional tax.  Any such amount withheld would be credited against the U.S. Note Owner’s U.S. federal income tax liability.
Foreign Note Owners who have provided the applicable forms or certifications described above under “
Tax Consequences to Note
            Owners—Foreign Note Owners
” or who have otherwise established an exemption will not be subject to backup withholding if neither the Issuing Entity nor its agent has actual knowledge or reason to know that any information in such forms or
          certifications is unreliable or that the conditions of the exemption are not satisfied.
Possible Alternative Treatments of the Class A Notes.
If, contrary to the opinion of Tax Counsel, the IRS successfully
          asserted that one or more of the Class A Notes did not represent debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes, such Class A Notes may be treated as equity interests in the Issuing Entity.  If so treated, the Issuing Entity may be taxable as a
          corporation or publicly traded partnership with the adverse consequences described above (and the corporation or publicly traded partnership would not be able to reduce its taxable income by deductions for interest expense on Class A Notes
          recharacterized as equity).  Alternatively, and more likely, in the view of Tax Counsel, the Issuing Entity may be treated as a partnership (including a publicly traded partnership) that would not
168
be taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  Nonetheless, treatment of the Class A Notes as equity interests in a partnership or publicly traded partnership
          could have adverse tax consequences to some Note Owners.  For example, income to some tax-exempt entities (including pension funds) may be treated as “unrelated business taxable income,” income to Foreign Note Owners may be subject to U.S. income
          tax and withholding taxes and cause Foreign Note Owners to be subject to U.S. tax return filing and withholding requirements, and individual Note Owners might be subject to some limitations on their ability to deduct their share of Issuing Entity
          expenses.
The IRS has issued Treasury regulations under Section 385 of the Code that in certain circumstances treat an instrument that otherwise would be treated as debt for
          U.S. federal income tax purposes as equity during periods in which the instrument is held by a member of an “expanded group” that includes the issuer of the instrument.  An expanded group is generally a group of corporations or controlled
          partnerships connected through 80% or greater direct or indirect ownership links.
The Issuing Entity does not believe that these regulations will apply to any of the Class A Notes.  However, the regulations are complex and have not yet been
          applied by the IRS or any court.  If the Class A Notes were treated as equity under these rules, they may once again be treated as debt when acquired by a holder that is not a member of an expanded group including the Issuing Entity. Class A
          Notes treated as newly issued under this rule may have tax characteristics differing from Class A Notes that were not previously treated as equity.  The Issuing Entity does not intend to separately track any such Class A Notes.
Potential investors in the Class A Notes should consult with their own tax advisors regarding the possible effect of the Section 385 regulations on them, including
          without limitation with regard to tax consequences where Class A Notes held by them are treated as having tax characteristics that differ from other Class A Notes.
Foreign Account Tax Compliance.
In addition to the rules described above regarding the potential imposition of U.S.
          withholding taxes on payments to Foreign Note Owners, withholding taxes could also be imposed under the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA”) regime.  Under FATCA, foreign financial institutions (defined broadly to include, among other
          types of entities, hedge funds, private equity funds, mutual funds, securitization vehicles and other investment vehicles) must comply with information gathering and reporting rules with respect to their U.S. account holders and investors and may
          be required to enter into agreements with the IRS pursuant to which such foreign financial institutions must gather and report certain information to the IRS (or, pursuant to an applicable intergovernmental agreement, to their local tax
          authorities who will report such information to the IRS) and withhold U.S. tax from certain payments made by them.  Foreign financial institutions that fail to comply with the FATCA requirements will be subject to a 30% gross basis withholding
          tax on U.S. source payments, including interest, OID and gross proceeds (subject to the caveat expressed in the penultimate sentence of this paragraph) from the sale of any equity or debt instruments of U.S. issuers.  Payments of interest, OID
          and gross proceeds, (subject to the caveat expressed in the penultimate sentence of this paragraph) to foreign non-financial entities will also be subject to a gross basis withholding tax of 30% if the entity does not certify that it does not
          have any substantial U.S. owner or provide the name, address and TIN of each substantial U.S. owner.  The FATCA withholding tax will apply regardless of whether the payment would otherwise be exempt from U.S. nonresident withholding tax (e.g.,
          under the portfolio interest exemption or as capital gain) and regardless of whether the foreign financial institution is the beneficial owner of such payment.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the IRS has issued proposed regulations, upon which
          taxpayers may generally rely until the issuance of final regulations, that exclude gross proceeds from the sale or other disposition of the Class A Notes from the application of the withholding tax imposed under FATCA.  Prospective investors
          should consult their own tax advisors regarding FATCA and any effect on them.
Reportable Transactions
.  A penalty in the amount of $10,000 in the case of a natural person and $50,000 in any other case
          is imposed on any taxpayer that fails to timely file an information return with the IRS with respect to a “reportable transaction” (as defined in Section 6011 of the Code). The rules defining “reportable transactions” are complex but include (and
          are not limited to) transactions that result in certain losses that exceed threshold amounts. Prospective investors are advised to consult their own tax advisers regarding any possible disclosure obligations in light of their particular
          circumstances.
169
CERTAIN STATE TAX CONSEQUENCES
The above discussion does not address the tax treatment of the Issuing Entity, any Notes or any Note Owners under any state or local tax laws.  The activities to
          be undertaken by the Servicer in servicing and collecting the Receivables will take place in various states and, therefore, many different state and local tax regimes potentially apply to different portions of these transactions.  Prospective
          investors are urged to consult with their tax advisors regarding the state and local tax treatment of the Issuing Entity as well as any state and local tax consequences for them purchasing, holding and disposing of Notes or the Certificate.
You should consult your tax advisor with respect to the tax consequences to you of the purchase, ownership and disposition of Notes, including
          the tax consequences under state, local, foreign and other tax laws and the possible effects of changes in U.S. federal or other tax laws.
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR NOTES
The Issuing Entity
The Indenture Trustee will provide to Noteholders (which will be Cede & Co. as the nominee of DTC unless Definitive Notes are issued under the limited
          circumstances described in this prospectus) unaudited monthly and annual reports concerning the Receivables and certain other matters.  For additional information, you should refer to “
Description of the
            Notes—Reports to Securityholders
” and “
Transfer and Servicing Agreements—Evidence as to Compliance
” in this prospectus.  Copies of such reports may be obtained at no charge.
The Depositor
The Depositor has filed with the SEC the Registration Statement under the Securities Act of which this prospectus forms a part.  This prospectus does not contain
          all the information contained in the Registration Statement.  The Depositor has satisfied the registrant requirements for use of Form SF-3 contained in General Instruction I.A.1 of Form SF-3.  The SEC maintains a website (http://www.sec.gov) that
          contains reports, registration statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC using the SEC’s Electronic Data Gathering Analysis and Retrieval system (commonly known as EDGAR).  The Registration Statement
          and all reports filed by the Depositor may be found on EDGAR, filed under the name of the Depositor and under the SEC Central Index Key set forth on the front cover of this prospectus, and all reports filed with respect to the Issuing Entity will
          be filed under registration file number 333-281727-06.  Copies of the transaction agreements relating to the Notes will also be filed with the SEC on EDGAR under the registration number shown above.
For the time period that the Issuing Entity is required to report under the Exchange Act, the Depositor, on behalf of the Issuing Entity, will file the reports
          required under Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act.  These reports include (but are not limited to):
Unless specifically stated in such a report, neither the report nor any information included in such report will be examined or reported on by an independent
          public accountant.
170
The distribution and pool performance reports filed on Form 10-D will be forwarded to each Securityholder as specified under “
Description











            of the Notes—Reports to Securityholders
” in this prospectus.  The Depositor will post these reports on its website located at “www.toyotafinancial.com” as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are filed with the SEC.
UNDERWRITING
Subject to the terms and conditions described in the underwriting agreement, the Depositor has agreed to sell to each of the underwriters named below
          (collectively, the “Underwriters”), and each of the Underwriters has severally agreed to purchase the aggregate initial principal amounts of the Class A-1 Notes, the Class A-2a Notes, the Class A-2b Notes, the Class A-3 Notes and the Class A-4
          Notes (collectively, the “Underwritten Notes”) described opposite its name below:
____________________
The Depositor has been advised by the Underwriters that they propose initially to offer the Underwritten Notes to the public at the prices
          described in this prospectus.  The underwriting discounts and commissions, the selling concessions that the Underwriters may allow to certain dealers, and the discounts that such dealers may reallow to certain other dealers, each expressed as a
          percentage of the principal amount of the related class of Underwritten Notes and as an aggregate dollar amount, will be as follows:
____________________
171
The closing of the sale of any class of the Notes will be conditioned on the closing of the sale of all other classes of the Notes.  After the initial public
          offering of the Underwritten Notes, the public offering prices and the concessions may change.  To the extent any Underwriter that is not a United States registered broker-dealer intends to effect any offers or sales of any Underwritten Notes in
          the United States, it will do so through one or more United States registered broker-dealers in accordance with the applicable United States securities laws and regulations.
Until the distribution of the Underwritten Notes is completed, rules of the SEC may limit the ability of the Underwriters and certain selling group members to bid
          for and purchase the Underwritten Notes.  As an exception to these rules, the Underwriters are permitted to engage in certain transactions to stabilize the price of the Underwritten Notes.  Such transactions consist of bids or purchases for the
          purpose of pegging, fixing or maintaining the price of the Underwritten Notes.
If the Underwriters create a short position in the Underwritten Notes in connection with this offering, (i.e., they sell more Underwritten Notes than are described
          on the front cover of this prospectus), the Underwriters may reduce that short position by purchasing Underwritten Notes in the open market.
The Underwriters may also impose a penalty bid on certain Underwriters and selling group members.  This means that if the Underwriters purchase Underwritten Notes
          in the open market to reduce the Underwriters’ short position or to stabilize the price of the Underwritten Notes, they may reclaim the amount of the selling concession from any Underwriter or selling group member who sold those Underwritten
          Notes as part of the offering.
In general, purchases of a security for the purposes of stabilization or to reduce a short position could cause the price of the security to be higher than it might
          be in the absence of such purchases.  The imposition of a penalty bid might also have an effect on the price of a security to the extent that it were to discourage resales of the security.
Neither the Sponsor nor the Underwriters makes any representation or prediction as to the direction or magnitude of any effect that any of the transactions
          described above may have on the price of the Underwritten Notes.  In addition, neither the Sponsor nor any of the Underwriters make any representation that the Underwriters will engage in such transactions or that such transactions, once
          commenced, will not be discontinued without notice.
The Underwritten Notes are new issues of securities and there currently is no secondary market for the Underwritten Notes.  The Underwriters for the Underwritten
          Notes expect to make a market in the Underwritten Notes but will not be obligated to do so.  There is no assurance that a secondary market for the Underwritten Notes will develop.  If a secondary market for the Underwritten Notes does develop, it
          might end at any time or it might not be sufficiently liquid to enable you to resell any of your Underwritten Notes.
The Indenture Trustee may, from time to time, invest the funds in the Collection Account and the Reserve Account at the direction of the Servicer and the Depositor,
          in investments acquired from or issued by the Underwriters.  As of the date of this prospectus, the Indenture Trustee is an affiliate of U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc., one of the Underwriters.
In the ordinary course of business, the Underwriters and their affiliates have engaged and may engage in investment banking and commercial banking transactions with
          the Servicer and its affiliates.
The Sponsor and the Depositor have agreed to indemnify the Underwriters against certain liabilities, including civil liabilities under the Securities Act or to
          contribute to payments which the Underwriters may be required to make in respect thereof.
Under Rule 15c6-1 under the Exchange Act, trades in the secondary market generally are required to settle within one business day, unless the parties thereto
          expressly agree otherwise.  Accordingly, purchasers who wish to trade the Underwritten Notes more than one business day prior to the expected delivery date will be required to specify an alternate settlement cycle at the time of any such trade to
          avoid a failed settlement.
The Class B Notes and approximately, but not less than, 5% (by aggregate initial principal amount) of each of the Class A-2a Notes, the Class A-2b Notes, the Class
          A-3 Notes and the Class A-4 Notes will not be sold to the Underwriters under the underwriting agreement on the Closing Date. Any portion of the Class A-1 Notes retained by the Depositor will also not be sold to the Underwriters under the
          underwriting agreement on the Closing Date.
Any Notes which are retained by the Depositor on the Closing Date are referred to herein, collectively, as “Retained Notes.”
The Retained Notes will be retained initially by the Depositor, but, to the extent not necessary to satisfy credit risk retention requirements described under “
The Sponsor, Administrator and Servicer––Credit Risk
172
Retention
” in this prospectus, may subsequently be sold directly, including through a placement agent (including TFSS USA), or through
          underwriters, in one or more negotiated transactions or otherwise at varying prices to be determined at the time of sale.  Any underwriters or placement agents that participate in the distribution of any class of Retained Notes retained or
          purchased by the Depositor or an affiliate of the Depositor may be deemed to be “underwriters” within the meaning of the Securities Act and any profit on the sale of those Notes by them and any discounts, commissions, concessions or other
          compensation received by any of them may be deemed to be underwriting discounts and commissions under the Securities Act.
TFSS USA is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (“FINRA”) (formerly known as the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc., or
          NASD).  The principal business of TFSS USA is to sell debt securities of its affiliates, including those of TMCC.  TFSS USA is an affiliate of TMCC and may participate as a placement agent in the distribution of any Retained Notes offered
          pursuant to this prospectus. FINRA Rule 5121 imposes certain requirements when a FINRA member such as TFSS USA distributes an affiliated company’s securities.  Any offering of Retained Notes using this prospectus in which TFSS USA participates
          will be made in compliance with the applicable requirements of FINRA Rule 5121.  Subject to the terms and conditions described in an agreement among the Depositor, the Sponsor and TFSS USA, TFSS USA has agreed to act as a placement agent in the
          offering of any Retained Notes, if requested by the Depositor or an affiliate of the Depositor.
European Economic Area
Each Underwriter has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold, distributed or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell, distribute or
          otherwise make available any Notes to any EU retail investor in the European Economic Area.  For these purposes:
United Kingdom
Each Underwriter has represented and agreed that:
Each Underwriter has also represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold, distributed or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell, distribute or
          otherwise make available any Notes to any UK retail investor in the UK. For these purposes:
173
The Class A-1 Notes have not been and will not be offered in the UK or to UK persons, and no proceeds of any Class A-1 Notes will be received in the UK.
LEGAL OPINIONS
In addition to the legal opinions described in this prospectus, certain legal matters relating to the Notes and certain U.S. federal income tax and other matters
          will be passed upon for the Issuing Entity by Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP.  Certain legal matters relating to the Notes will be passed upon for the Underwriters by Mayer Brown LLP.
174
INDEX OF TERMS
175
176
177
ANNEX A
GLOBAL CLEARANCE, SETTLEMENT AND
TAX DOCUMENTATION PROCEDURES
Except in certain limited circumstances, the globally offered Notes (the “Global Notes”) will be available only in book-entry form. Investors in the Global Notes
            may hold such Global Notes through The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) or, upon request, Clearstream Banking, société anonyme (“Clearstream”) or Euroclear Bank SA/NV, as operator for the Euroclear System (“Euroclear”) (or their successors or
            assigns).  The Global Notes will be tradable as home market instruments in both the European and U.S. domestic markets.  Initial settlement and all secondary trades will settle in same-day funds.
Secondary market trading between investors holding Global Notes through Clearstream and Euroclear will be conducted in the ordinary way in accordance with their
            normal rules and operating procedures and in accordance with conventional Eurobond practice (i.e., three calendar day settlement).
Secondary market trading between investors holding Global Notes through DTC will be conducted according to the rules and procedures applicable to U.S. corporate
            debt obligations and prior asset-backed notes issues.
Secondary cross-market trading between Clearstream or Euroclear and DTC Participants holding Notes will be effected on a delivery-against-payment basis through
            the respective depositaries of Clearstream and Euroclear (in such capacity) and as DTC Participants.
Non-U.S. Persons (as defined below under “
—Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Documentation Requirements
”) holding Global
            Notes will be subject to U.S. withholding taxes unless those holders meet certain requirements and deliver appropriate U.S. tax documents to the Notes clearing organizations or their participants.
Initial Settlement
All Global Notes will be held in book-entry form by DTC in the name of Cede & Co. as nominee of DTC. Investors’ interests in the Global Notes will be
            represented through financial institutions acting on their behalf as direct and indirect Participants in DTC. As a result, Clearstream and Euroclear will hold positions on behalf of their participants through their respective depositaries,
            which in turn will hold the positions in accounts as DTC Participants.
Investors electing to hold their Global Notes through DTC will follow the settlement practice. Investor Notes custody accounts will be credited with their
            holdings against payment in same-day funds on the settlement date.
Investors electing to hold their Global Notes through Clearstream or Euroclear accounts will follow the settlement procedures applicable to conventional
            Eurobonds, except that there will be no temporary global security and no “lock-up” or restricted period. Global Notes will be credited to Notes custody accounts on the settlement date against payment in same-day funds.
Secondary Market Trading
Since the purchaser determines the place of delivery, it is important to establish at the time of the trade where both the purchaser’s and depositor’s accounts
            are located to ensure that settlement can be made on the desired value date.
Trading Between DTC Participants
.  Secondary market trading between DTC Participants will be settled using the procedures
            applicable to prior asset-backed notes issues in same-day funds.
Trading Between Clearstream and/or Euroclear System Participants
.  Secondary market trading between Clearstream
            Participants or Euroclear System Participants will be settled using the procedures applicable to conventional Eurobonds in same-day funds.
A-1
Trading Between DTC Depositor and Clearstream or Euroclear System Participants
.  When Global Notes are to be transferred
            from the account of a DTC Participant to the account of a Clearstream Participant or a Euroclear System Participant, the purchaser will send instructions to Clearstream or Euroclear through a Clearstream Participant or Euroclear System
            Participant at least one business day prior to settlement. Clearstream or Euroclear will instruct the respective Depositary, as the case may be, to receive the Global Notes against payment. Payment will include interest accrued on the Global
            Notes from and including the last coupon payment date to and excluding the settlement date, on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months or a 360-day year and the actual number of days in the Interest Period, as applicable. For
            transactions settling on the 31st of the month, payment will include interest accrued to and excluding the first day of the following month. Payment will then be made by the respective Depositary of the DTC Participant’s account against
            delivery of the Global Notes. After settlement has been completed, the Global Notes will be credited to the respective clearing system and by the clearing system, in accordance with its usual procedures, to the Clearstream Participant’s or
            Euroclear System Participant’s account. The Notes credit will appear the next day (European time) and the cash debt will be back-valued to, and the interest on the Global Notes will accrue from, the value date (which would be the preceding day
            when settlement occurred in New York). If settlement is not completed on the intended value date (i.e., the trade fails), the Clearstream or Euroclear System cash debt will be valued instead as of the actual settlement date.
Clearstream Participants and Euroclear System Participants will need to make available to the respective clearing systems the funds necessary to process same-day
            funds settlement. The most direct means of doing so is to preposition funds for settlement, either from cash on hand or existing lines of credit, as they would for any settlement occurring within Clearstream or Euroclear. Under this approach,
            they may take on credit exposure to Clearstream or Euroclear until the Global Notes are credited to their accounts one day later.
As an alternative, if Clearstream or Euroclear has extended a line of credit to them, Clearstream Participants or Euroclear System Participants can elect not to
            preposition funds and allow that credit line to be drawn upon to finance settlement. Under this procedure, Clearstream Participants or Euroclear System Participants purchasing Global Notes would incur overdraft charges for one day, assuming
            they cleared the overdraft when the Global Notes were credited to their accounts. However, interest on the Global Notes would accrue from the value date. Therefore, in many cases the investment income on the Global Notes earned during that
            one-day period may substantially reduce or offset the amount of such overdraft charges, although this result will depend on each Clearstream Participant’s or Euroclear System Participant’s particular cost of funds.
Since the settlement is taking place during New York business hours, DTC Participants can employ their usual procedures for sending Global Notes to the
            respective European Depositary for the benefit of Clearstream Participants or Euroclear System Participants. The sale proceeds will be available to the DTC depositor on the settlement date. Thus, to the DTC Participants a cross-market
            transaction will settle no differently than a trade between two DTC Participants.
Trading Between Clearstream or Euroclear System Depositor and DTC Purchaser
.  Due to time zone differences in their
            favor, Clearstream Participants and Euroclear System Participants may employ their customary procedures for transactions in which Global Notes are to be transferred by the respective clearing system, through the respective Depositary, to a DTC
            Participant. The Depositor will send instructions to Clearstream or Euroclear through a Clearstream Participant or Euroclear System Participant at least one business day prior to settlement. In these cases, Clearstream or Euroclear will
            instruct the Relevant Depositary, as appropriate, to deliver the Global Notes to the DTC Participant’s account against payment. Payment will include interest accrued on the Global Notes from and including the last coupon payment to and
            excluding the settlement date on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months or a 360-day year and the actual number of days in the Interest Period, as applicable. For transactions settling on the 31st of the month, payment will include
            interest accrued to and excluding the first day of the following month. The payment will then be reflected in the account of the Clearstream Participant or Euroclear System Participant the following day, and receipt of the cash proceeds in the
            Clearstream Participant’s or Euroclear System Participant’s account would be back-valued to the value date (which would be the preceding day, when settlement occurred in New York). Should the Clearstream Participant or Euroclear System
            Participant have a line of credit with its respective clearing system and elect to be in debt in anticipation of receipt of the sale proceeds in its account, the back valuation will extinguish any overdraft incurred over that one-day period. If
            settlement is not completed on the intended value date (i.e., the trade fails), receipt of the cash proceeds in the Clearstream Participant’s or Euroclear System Participant’s account would instead be valued as of the actual settlement date.
A-2
Finally, day traders that use Clearstream or Euroclear and that purchase Global Notes from DTC Participants for delivery to Clearstream Participants or Euroclear
            System Participants should note that these trades would automatically fail on the sale side unless affirmative action were taken. At least three techniques should be readily available to eliminate this potential problem:
(a)
borrowing through Clearstream or Euroclear for one day (until the purchase side of the day trade is reflected in their Clearstream or Euroclear System accounts) in accordance with the clearing system’s customary procedures;
(b)
borrowing the Global Notes in the U.S. from a DTC Participant no later than one day prior to settlement, which would give the Global Notes sufficient time to be reflected in their Clearstream or Euroclear System account in order to
              settle the sale side of the trade; or
(c)
staggering the value dates for the buy and sell sides of the trade so that the value date for the purchase from the DTC Participant is at least one day prior to the value date for the sale to the Clearstream Participant or Euroclear
              System Participant.
Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Documentation Requirements
A beneficial owner of Global Notes holding Notes through Clearstream Banking Luxembourg or Euroclear (or through DTC if the holder has an address outside the
            U.S.) will be subject to the 30% U.S. withholding tax that generally applies to payments of interest (including payments in respect of original issue discount) on registered debt issued by U.S. Persons, unless (i) each clearing system, bank or
            other financial institution that holds customers’ Notes in the ordinary course of its trade or business in the chain of intermediaries between such beneficial owner and the U.S. entity required to withhold tax complies with applicable
            certification requirements and (ii) such beneficial owner takes one of the following steps to obtain an exemption or reduced tax rate:
Exemption for Non-U.S. Persons (IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E and IRS Form W-8IMY)
.  Beneficial owners of Global
            Notes that are Non-U.S. individuals generally can obtain a complete exemption from the withholding tax by filing a signed IRS Form W-8BEN (Certificate of Foreign Status of Beneficial Owner for United States Tax Withholding and Reporting
            (Individuals)) or applicable successor form.  Beneficial owners of Global Notes that are Non-U.S. entities can obtain a complete exemption from the withholding tax by filing a signed IRS Form W-8BEN-E (Certificate of Status of Beneficial Owner
            for United States Withholding and Reporting (Entities)) or a signed IRS Form W-8IMY (Certificate of Foreign Intermediary, Foreign Flow-Through Entity, or Certain U.S. Branches for United States Tax Withholding and Reporting) with appropriate
            attachments indicating that the beneficial owners of the entity are themselves eligible for an exemption from the withholding tax.
Exemption for Non-U.S. Persons with Effectively Connected Income (IRS Form W-8ECI)
.  A non-U.S. Person, including a
            non-U.S. corporation or bank with a U.S. branch, for which the interest income is effectively connected with its conduct of a trade or business in the United States, generally can obtain an exemption from the withholding tax by filing Form
            W-8ECI (Certificate of Foreign Person’s Claim that Income is Effectively Connected with the Conduct of a Trade or Business in the United States).
Exemption or Reduced Rate for Non-U.S. Persons Resident in Treaty Countries (IRS Form W-8BEN and IRS Form W-8BEN-E)
. 
            Non-U.S. Persons residing in a country that has a tax treaty with the United States generally can obtain an exemption or reduced tax rate (depending on the treaty terms) by filing IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable (claiming
            treaty benefits), or applicable successor form.  IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, may be filed by the beneficial owners or agents with legal authority to act on behalf of the beneficial owners.
Exemption for U.S. Persons (IRS Form W-9)
.  U.S. Persons can obtain a complete exemption from the withholding tax by
            filing IRS Form W-9 (Request for Taxpayer Identification Number and Certification).
The beneficial owner of a Global Security files by submitting the appropriate form to the person through whom it holds (the clearing agency, in the case of
            persons holding directly on the books of the clearing agency).
An IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN and IRS Form W-8BEN-E generally remains in effect for a period beginning on the date the form is signed and ending on the last
            day of the third succeeding calendar year, absent a change in circumstances causing any information on the form to be incorrect. However, under certain conditions, an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E will remain in effect indefinitely until
            a change in
A-3
circumstances occurs.  If the information shown on an IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E changes, a new form must be filed within 30 days of the change.
As used in the foregoing discussion, the term “U.S. Person” means (i) a citizen or resident of the United States, (ii) an entity treated as a corporation or a
            partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes created or organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof, or the District of Columbia, (iii) an estate, the income of which is includible in gross income for U.S. federal
            income tax purposes regardless of its source, or (iv) a trust, if a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more United States persons (as such term is defined in
            the Code and Treasury Regulations) have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, to the extent provided in Treasury Regulations, certain trusts in existence prior to August 20,
            1996 that are eligible to elect and have made a valid election to be treated as United States persons (despite not satisfying the requirements in clause (iv) above) will also be U.S. Persons. The term “Non-U.S. Person” means any person who is
            not a U.S. Person. This summary does not deal with all aspects of U.S. federal income tax withholding that may be relevant to foreign holders of Global Notes. Investors are encouraged to consult their tax advisors for specific tax advice
            concerning their holding and disposing of Global Notes.
There may ultimately be additional certification requirements imposed to avoid withholding under the recently adopted Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act
            provisions.  See “
Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations─Tax Consequences to Note Owners─Foreign Account Tax Compliance
” in this prospectus.
A-4
ANNEX B
STATIC POOL INFORMATION
_____________________________________________________
B-1
________________________________________________________________
B-2
________________________________________________________________
B-3
________________________________________________________________
B-4
________________________________________________________________
B-5
________________________________________________________________
B-6
TAOT 2021-A - Delinquencies
(1)(2)
_______________
B-7
TAOT 2021-B - Delinquencies
(1)(2)
_______________
B-8
TAOT 2021-C - Delinquencies
(1)(2)
_______________
B-9
TAOT 2021-D - Delinquencies
(1)(2)
_______________
B-10
TAOT 2022-A - Delinquencies
(1)(2)
_______________
B-11
TAOT 2022-B - Delinquencies
(1)(2)
_______________
B-12
TAOT 2022-C - Delinquencies
(1)(2)
_______________
B-13
TAOT 2022-D - Delinquencies
(1)(2)
_______________
B-14
TAOT 2023-A - Delinquencies
(1)(2)
_______________
B-15
TAOT 2023-B - Delinquencies
(1)(2)
_______________
B-16
TAOT 2023-C - Delinquencies
(1)(2)
_______________
B-17
TAOT 2023-D - Delinquencies
(1)(2)
_______________
B-18
TAOT 2024-A - Delinquencies
(1)(2)
_______________
B-19
TAOT 2024-B - Delinquencies
(1)(2)
_______________
B-20
TAOT 2024-C - Delinquencies
(1)(2)
_______________
B-21
TAOT 2024-D - Delinquencies
(1)(2)
_______________
B-22
TAOT 2025-A - Delinquencies
(1)(2)
_______________
B-23
TAOT 2025-B - Delinquencies
(1)(2)
_______________
B-24
TAOT 2025-C - Delinquencies
(1)(2)
_______________
B-25
TAOT 2025-D - Delinquencies
(1)(2)
_______________
B-26
TAOT 2026-A - Delinquencies
(1)(2)
_______________
B-27
60+ Day Delinquencies
(1)(2)(3)
_____________
B-28
Prepayment Speeds
(1)
_______________
B-29
Prepayment Speeds
(1)
_______________
B-30
Prepayment Speeds
(1)
_______________
B-31
Cumulative Net Losses
(1)
_______________
(1)
The monthly net cumulative
                  loss percent is the cumulative net dollars charged off, which is the net remaining principal balance, including earned but not yet received finance charges, repossession expenses and unpaid extension fees, less any proceeds from the
                  liquidation of the related vehicle and any subsequent post-charge-off recoveries, divided by the original pool balance of the receivables.
B-32
Cumulative Net Losses
(1)
_______________
(1)
The monthly net cumulative
                  loss percent is the cumulative net dollars charged off, which is the net remaining principal balance, including earned but not yet received finance charges, repossession expenses and unpaid extension fees, less any proceeds from the
                  liquidation of the related vehicle and any subsequent post-charge-off recoveries, divided by the original pool balance of the receivables.
B-33
Cumulative Net Losses
(1)
_______________
B-34
Toyota Auto Receivables 2026-B Owner Trust
If the aggregate initial principal amount of the notes is $1,300,000,000 Toyota Auto Receivables 2026-B Owner Trust will issue the following classes of asset-backed notes:
$274,000,000 Asset-Backed Notes, Class A‑1
(1)
$______ Asset-Backed Notes, Class A-2a
(1)(2)
$______ Asset-Backed Notes, Class A-2b
(1)(2)
$460,000,000 Asset-Backed Notes, Class A‑3
(1)
$73,500,000 Asset-Backed Notes, Class A‑4
(1)
$32,500,000 Asset-Backed Notes, Class B
(1)
If the aggregate initial principal amount of the notes is $1,600,000,000, Toyota Auto Receivables 2026-B Owner Trust will issue the following classes of asset-backed notes:
$337,000,000 Asset-Backed Notes, Class A‑1
(1)
$______
Asset-Backed Notes, Class A-2a
(1)(3)
$______
Asset-Backed Notes, Class A-2b
(1)(3)
$566,300,000 Asset-Backed Notes, Class A‑3
(1)
$90,400,000 Asset-Backed Notes, Class A‑4
(1)
$40,000,000 Asset-Backed Notes, Class B
(1)
If the aggregate initial principal amount of the notes is $1,900,000,000, Toyota Auto Receivables 2026-B Owner Trust will issue the following classes of asset-backed notes:
$400,600,000 Asset-Backed Notes, Class A‑1
(1)
$______
Asset-Backed Notes, Class A-2a
(1)(4)
$______
Asset-Backed Notes, Class A-2b
(1)(4)
$672,300,000 Asset-Backed Notes, Class A‑3
(1)
$107,300,000 Asset-Backed Notes, Class A‑4
(1)
$47,500,000 Asset-Backed Notes, Class B
(1)
______________
Toyota Auto Finance Receivables LLC
Depositor
Toyota Motor Credit Corporation
Sponsor, Administrator and Servicer
__________________
PROSPECTUS
__________________
You should rely only on the information contained in or incorporated by reference into this prospectus.  We have not authorized anyone to give you different information.  We do not claim the
                accuracy of the information in this prospectus as of any date other than the date stated on the front cover of this prospectus.  We are not offering the notes in any jurisdiction where it is not permitted.
Dealer prospectus delivery obligation.
Until ninety days after the date of this prospectus, all dealers that effect transactions in these notes,
                whether or not participating in the offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus.  This is in addition to the dealers’ obligation to deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters and with respect to their unsold allotments or
                subscriptions.